new jersey is sometimes quiet during autumn , and it is snowy in april .
the united states is usually chilly during july , and it is usually freezing in november .
california is usually quiet during march , and it is usually hot in june .
the united states is sometimes mild during june , and it is cold in september .
your least liked fruit is the grape , but my least liked is the apple .
his favorite fruit is the orange , but my favorite is the grape .
paris is relaxing during december , but it is usually chilly in july .
new jersey is busy during spring , and it is never hot in march .
our least liked fruit is the lemon , but my least liked is the grape .
the united states is sometimes busy during january , and it is sometimes warm in november .
the lime is her least liked fruit , but the banana is my least liked .
he saw a old yellow truck .
india is rainy during june , and it is sometimes warm in november .
that cat was my most loved animal .
he dislikes grapefruit , limes , and lemons .
her least liked fruit is the lemon , but his least liked is the grapefruit .
california is never cold during february , but it is sometimes freezing in june .
china is usually pleasant during autumn , and it is usually quiet in october .
paris is never freezing during november , but it is wonderful in october .
the united states is never rainy during january , but it is sometimes mild in october .
china is usually pleasant during november , and it is never quiet in october .
the united states is never nice during february , but it is sometimes pleasant in april .
india is never busy during autumn , and it is mild in spring .
paris is mild during summer , but it is usually busy in april .
france is never cold during september , and it is snowy in october .
california is never cold during may , and it is sometimes chilly in march .
he dislikes lemons , grapes , and mangoes.
their favorite fruit is the mango , but our favorite is the pear .
france is sometimes quiet during may , and it is never chilly in august .
paris is never pleasant during september , and it is beautiful in autumn .
he dislikes apples , peaches , and grapes .
california is usually freezing during december , and it is busy in april .
your most feared animal is that shark .
paris is usually wet during august , and it is never dry in november .
paris is usually beautiful during september , and it is usually snowy in november .
the united states is never wet during january , but it is usually hot in october .
we like oranges , mangoes , and grapes .
they like pears , apples , and mangoes .
she dislikes that little red truck .
the grapefruit is my most loved fruit , but the banana is her most loved .
france is snowy during may , and it is never busy in autumn .
china is usually mild during winter , but it is never busy in february .
china is never nice during july , but it is usually snowy in spring .
california is busy during november , but it is rainy in autumn .
china is warm during spring , and it is sometimes cold in february .
california is usually beautiful during winter , but it is never busy in february .
france is wonderful during november , but it is sometimes hot in september .
india is usually pleasant during november , but it is never relaxing in july .
the united states is never freezing during autumn , but it is never busy in june .
paris is sometimes warm during june , but it is usually hot in july .
paris is never hot during summer , and it is usually mild in winter .
she disliked a rusty yellow car .
france is usually quiet during november , but it is sometimes warm in february .
new jersey is never wet during november , and it is mild in august .
we like peaches , pears , and strawberries .
the orange is her least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is their least liked .
china is never rainy during november , and it is quiet in january .
china is relaxing during march , but it is sometimes snowy in september .
paris is wonderful during march , but it is usually pleasant in june .
new jersey is chilly during autumn , and it is sometimes pleasant in spring .
california is never freezing during october , but it is usually quiet in june .
new jersey is freezing during winter , but it is sometimes wonderful in january .
i like grapes , pears , and strawberries .
the lemon is my most loved fruit , but the strawberry is our most loved .
china is usually dry during march , but it is nice in november .
paris is pleasant during december , but it is never nice in november .
china is freezing during july , but it is relaxing in january .
the apple is our least favorite fruit , but the orange is her least favorite .
he dislikes grapes , grapefruit , and bananas.
he dislikes apples , mangoes , and strawberries .
china is hot during july , but it is never pleasant in january .
india is usually dry during april , and it is freezing in february .
she is going to the united states next summer .
france is sometimes rainy during february , and it is usually quiet in spring .
i plan to visit california next may .
california is never wet during november , and it is sometimes pleasant in september .
they like lemons , limes , and grapefruit .
the united states is never beautiful during march , and it is usually relaxing in summer .
elephants were his most feared animals .
the strawberry is their least favorite fruit , but the apple is our least favorite.
they are going to france next june .
he likes strawberries , oranges , and limes .
california is never pleasant during winter , and it is sometimes wonderful in december .
the apple is our least favorite fruit , but the mango is their least favorite .
she likes strawberries , oranges , and bananas .
california is beautiful during january , and it is pleasant in february .
they dislike grapes , mangoes , and limes .
she dislikes lemons , grapes , and oranges .
our least favorite fruit is the banana , but your least favorite is the grape .
california is never cold during december , but it is usually warm in may .
california is never busy during february , and it is usually hot in june .
the united states is sometimes beautiful during november , and it is never rainy in march .
new jersey is sometimes hot during march , and it is beautiful in fall .
the grapefruit is our least favorite fruit , but the orange is your least favorite .
i like grapefruit , limes , and pears .
she dislikes lemons , strawberries , and grapes .
paris is usually chilly during fall , but it is sometimes rainy in july .
she likes mangoes , apples , and bananas .
she is driving the old yellow truck .
we like peaches , mangoes , and oranges .
new jersey is usually quiet during fall , but it is usually warm in april .
california is never rainy during winter , and it is usually mild in summer .
california is sometimes cold during winter , but it is sometimes chilly in autumn .
she likes lemons , pears , and oranges.
we like strawberries , bananas , and oranges .
india is never snowy during september , but it is sometimes dry in spring .
india is sometimes rainy during january , and it is pleasant in february .
paris is never relaxing during march , but it is usually freezing in autumn .
india is chilly during summer , and it is sometimes beautiful in september .
she likes peaches , limes , and mangoes .
india is never chilly during october , but it is usually relaxing in november .
i like peaches , grapes , and lemons .
she likes mangoes , grapefruit , and pears .
the united states is usually dry during winter , but it is sometimes snowy in february .
china is usually nice during april , and it is never snowy in august .
she dislikes oranges and grapefruit .
paris is sometimes wonderful during autumn , and it is warm in november .
the grapefruit is her least favorite fruit , but the banana is their least favorite .
the grapefruit is his least liked fruit , but the grape is my least liked.
paris is never busy during summer , but it is never freezing in november .
china is sometimes pleasant during march , but it is usually nice in may .
india is sometimes cold during march , but it is sometimes hot in january .
new jersey is rainy during june , and it is sometimes nice in november .
the strawberry is his least favorite fruit , but the peach is our least favorite .
paris is usually snowy during winter , and it is sometimes beautiful in august .
france is never chilly during march , and it is wet in april .
their least liked fruit is the banana , but her least liked is the peach .
china is cold during fall , but it is usually relaxing in november .
new jersey is usually beautiful during april , and it is never relaxing in december .
he dislikes grapefruit , mangoes , and lemons .
new jersey is usually freezing during november , but it is usually relaxing in autumn .
the strawberry is my most loved fruit , but the lemon is her most loved.
paris is sometimes pleasant during autumn , and it is wonderful in september .
her most loved fruit is the lemon , but your most loved is the mango .
the mango is your least liked fruit , but the apple is his least liked .
the pear is my most loved fruit , but the lemon is his most loved .
he drives a new blue car .
the united states is warm during spring , but it is wet in august .
paris is usually freezing during october , and it is usually nice in april .
the peach is your most loved fruit , but the banana is my most loved .
you like grapes , peaches , and strawberries .
new jersey is sometimes nice during winter , but it is hot in spring .
paris is usually beautiful during september , but it is usually busy in spring .
china is usually snowy during autumn , but it is usually hot in may .
that bird is her most feared animal .
she dislikes apples , peaches , and bananas .
i plan to visit california next october .
you like limes , bananas , and grapefruit.
paris is never quiet during spring , but it is usually hot in march .
paris is rainy during winter , and it is sometimes warm in april .
you like pears , grapefruit , and limes .
paris is warm during january , and it is rainy in october .
france is sometimes quiet during december , and it is never snowy in january .
paris is sometimes relaxing during summer , but it is usually mild in november .
she likes bananas and grapes .
the lime is her least liked fruit , but the orange is his least liked .
california is never hot during fall , but it is usually relaxing in april .
new jersey is busy during december , and it is usually mild in august .
china is never mild during april , and it is sometimes wet in spring .
the united states is never snowy during february , and it is usually pleasant in autumn .
india is never dry during january , and it is never hot in february .
paris is usually wonderful during autumn , and it is busy in spring .
he likes pears , peaches , and lemons .
paris is never cold during october , but it is relaxing in january .
you like lemons , grapes , and bananas .
she drives that little red truck .
new jersey is pleasant during fall , and it is usually freezing in winter .
paris is usually rainy during december , and it is cold in winter .
california is usually pleasant during september , but it is usually freezing in autumn .
the pear is our least liked fruit , but the orange is their least liked .
india is snowy during spring , and it is never busy in january .
i dislike strawberries , mangoes , and pears .
california is never cold during march , but it is hot in fall .
china is sometimes chilly during march , and it is sometimes quiet in june .
her most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but your most loved is the orange .
the peach is her favorite fruit , but the apple is my favorite .
paris is usually beautiful during may , and it is never wonderful in june .
your least liked fruit is the mango , but our least liked is the grapefruit .
the banana is their favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is your favorite .
the grape is their least liked fruit , but the strawberry is our least liked .
the orange is his least favorite fruit , but the banana is your least favorite .
india is usually quiet during fall , but it is sometimes pleasant in march .
your most loved animals are horses .
i dislike peaches , apples , and strawberries .
paris is sometimes busy during june , and it is never quiet in fall .
i like bananas , lemons , and grapes .
you like apples , grapefruit , and limes .
you dislike peaches , mangoes , and lemons .
we like oranges , mangoes , and bananas .
we dislike grapefruit , mangoes , and grapes .
new jersey is chilly during march , but it is never nice in december .
you dislike bananas , mangoes , and limes .
he dislikes pears , mangoes , and strawberries .
the united states is sometimes rainy during winter , but it is never mild in april .
i dislike grapefruit , lemons , and peaches .
paris is usually nice during june , and it is sometimes quiet in autumn .
you dislike oranges , apples , and grapefruit .
new jersey is sometimes busy during july , and it is sometimes warm in october .
california is sometimes chilly during winter , but it is usually rainy in june .
china is sometimes wet during august , but it is never quiet in october .
paris is hot during spring , but it is usually snowy in june .
the grape is your least favorite fruit , but the banana is his least favorite .
china is never warm during summer , but it is usually quiet in november .
she dislikes strawberries , pears , and limes .
his least favorite animal is the mouse .
he dislikes bananas , mangoes , and apples .
the lemon is our favorite fruit , but the orange is my favorite .
france is usually hot during spring , but it is never pleasant in september .
china is chilly during march , and it is never relaxing in may .
france is sometimes mild during november , and it is sometimes busy in spring .
california is usually mild during fall , but it is never chilly in september .
paris is never wonderful during september , and it is hot in july .
we dislike peaches , limes , and oranges .
the apple is your least liked fruit , but the strawberry is their least liked .
the united states is sometimes wonderful during autumn , but it is usually wet in june .
he went to the united states last spring .
france is wet during fall , and it is never relaxing in june .
i like oranges , grapes , and pears .
he was driving the little yellow car .
i dislike limes , apples , and peaches.
the united states is snowy during march , but it is sometimes quiet in december .
india is quiet during august , and it is usually mild in january .
the united states is never freezing during november , but it is sometimes rainy in winter .
india is relaxing during fall , and it is wonderful in march .
the strawberry is your favorite fruit , but the peach is our favorite.
new jersey is sometimes rainy during fall , but it is freezing in spring .
the banana is your least liked fruit , but the mango is my least liked .
france is usually pleasant during may , and it is never hot in winter .
the mango is our least liked fruit , but the banana is his least liked .
india is usually warm during april , but it is usually busy in august .
the orange is his favorite fruit , but the strawberry is our favorite .
you like grapes , limes , and mangoes .
that horse is your least favorite animal .
she dislikes bananas , oranges , and grapefruit .
we dislike oranges , grapefruit , and bananas .
paris is usually quiet during autumn , but it is usually snowy in march .
she likes apples , mangoes , and oranges .
he dislikes the old red automobile .
dogs are your least favorite animals .
she was driving the little white car .
the united states is sometimes busy during spring , and it is usually mild in november .
california is sometimes freezing during september , and it is never warm in spring .
china is snowy during august , but it is never beautiful in january .
our most loved fruit is the orange , but their most loved is the lemon .
your least liked fruit is the grape , but his least liked is the orange .
india is sometimes quiet during december , but it is never nice in winter .
she dislikes oranges , grapes , and lemons .
new jersey is never busy during november , and it is never cold in march .
my least favorite fruit is the lime , but her least favorite is the pear .
the grape is your least favorite fruit .
france is sometimes freezing during may , and it is never wet in august .
his favorite animals were horses .
paris is never snowy during december , and it is never wet in february .
india is sometimes pleasant during january , but it is never mild in october .
new jersey is cold during december , but it is never warm in february .
the lime is our favorite fruit , but the lemon is her favorite.
he likes peaches , oranges , and lemons .
the united states is never warm during january , and it is rainy in september .
the united states is pleasant during june , but it is sometimes warm in summer .
the grapefruit is their least liked fruit , but the mango is her least liked .
she is going to china next june .
he likes strawberries , apples , and grapes .
china is sometimes busy during july , and it is usually quiet in march .
we dislike bananas , lemons , and mangoes .
california is never busy during december , but it is usually hot in fall .
france is usually relaxing during winter , but it is usually mild in july .
new jersey is usually hot during autumn , and it is never quiet in winter .
paris is never nice during september , and it is sometimes cold in march .
new jersey is sometimes wet during september , but it is usually beautiful in august .
the united states is sometimes rainy during march , and it is never hot in autumn .
the elephant is his most loved animal .
india is usually hot during october , and it is usually wet in june .
their least favorite fruit is the peach , but your least favorite is the banana .
paris is sometimes beautiful during september , but it is sometimes wet in march .
california is hot during october , and it is usually pleasant in march .
he likes grapes and lemons.
new jersey is beautiful during march , but it is busy in winter .
china is never wonderful during november , but it is sometimes quiet in spring .
the united states is usually freezing during autumn , but it is usually dry in june .
the peach is my least favorite fruit , but the grape is their least favorite .
he dislikes apples , limes , and pears .
paris is usually cold during summer , and it is sometimes dry in winter .
paris is hot during may , and it is never pleasant in august .
his favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but my favorite is the mango.
the united states is sometimes pleasant during july , but it is sometimes dry in june .
the grape is our least liked fruit , but the strawberry is her least liked .
california is never quiet during september , and it is sometimes mild in december .
the lime is her least favorite fruit , but the peach is your least favorite .
the united states is never mild during august , but it is never beautiful in winter .
new jersey is never freezing during february , and it is usually cold in summer .
the strawberry is their least liked fruit , but the apple is our least liked.
india is never beautiful during spring , but it is usually freezing in february .
the grape is our least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is his least liked .
i plan to visit france in spring .
new jersey is never nice during february , but it is chilly in spring .
she saw that new yellow truck .
she likes grapes , apples , and grapefruit.
that cat was your favorite animal .
the united states is sometimes snowy during march , and it is usually cold in october .
the united states is sometimes beautiful during april , but it is usually busy in october .
california is beautiful during september , but it is wonderful in august .
her most loved fruit is the apple , but their most loved is the grape .
he likes grapes and apples.
california is chilly during january , but it is never busy in spring .
she dislikes bananas , grapefruit , and mangoes .
you dislike bananas , peaches , and limes .
california is never warm during march , but it is sometimes relaxing in may .
paris is mild during december , but it is dry in winter .
our most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but their most loved is the pear .
france is sometimes chilly during june , but it is sometimes wet in november .
paris is sometimes quiet during may , but it is usually dry in january .
our most loved fruit is the strawberry , but his most loved is the mango.
our least liked fruit is the grape , but her least liked is the grapefruit .
their favorite fruit is the apple , but his favorite is the strawberry .
my least liked fruit is the pear , but her least liked is the mango .
we like peaches , grapes , and apples .
france is never wet during september , but it is usually mild in december .
the lemon is your least liked fruit , but the peach is his least liked .
new jersey is cold during february , and it is never hot in winter .
the united states is never freezing during november , but it is sometimes cold in fall .
france is usually quiet during august , but it is usually chilly in february .
california is pleasant during january , but it is usually chilly in april .
they like grapes , peaches , and strawberries .
china is never wonderful during april , but it is sometimes wet in march .
i dislike peaches , mangoes , and oranges .
your favorite fruit is the strawberry , but our favorite is the banana.
she likes bananas , strawberries , and grapes .
his least favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but our least favorite is the peach.
india is nice during december , but it is sometimes warm in january .
the orange is their least favorite fruit , but the lime is his least favorite .
the mango is their most loved fruit , but the pear is my most loved .
india is never wet during august , but it is sometimes hot in winter .
new jersey is sometimes hot during winter , and it is never nice in fall .
he is driving the old black car .
paris is never cold during january , but it is sometimes snowy in november .
the grape is my favorite fruit , but the peach is his favorite.
france is snowy during july , but it is beautiful in june .
paris is never busy during february , and it is never cold in august .
california is sometimes relaxing during april , but it is sometimes dry in autumn .
india is relaxing during february , but it is never rainy in june .
california is usually chilly during may , and it is sometimes dry in july .
china is never busy during september , but it is rainy in october .
new jersey is busy during august , and it is relaxing in december .
i think it is difficult to translate between spanish and portuguese .
india is busy during april , but it is sometimes dry in fall .
france is busy during august , and it is nice in february .
their favorite fruit is the orange , but my favorite is the grapefruit .
paris is sometimes rainy during winter , but it is chilly in fall .
india is usually beautiful during july , but it is cold in autumn .
the pear is your least liked fruit , but the lemon is my least liked .
her least favorite fruit is the banana , but your least favorite is the grapefruit .
france is sometimes quiet during november , but it is warm in february .
new jersey is rainy during summer , but it is sometimes mild in february .
new jersey is never rainy during autumn , but it is never pleasant in march .
france is never snowy during october , and it is sometimes wet in april .
the lime is her least liked fruit , but the grape is our least liked .
she is driving the rusty blue truck .
paris is usually beautiful during july , and it is sometimes chilly in may .
france is never busy during autumn , but it is quiet in january .
india is never quiet during january , but it is sometimes freezing in december .
new jersey is sometimes wet during october , but it is mild in summer .
china is never chilly during february , and it is sometimes wonderful in november .
the united states is quiet during fall , but it is usually freezing in may .
california is never busy during fall , but it is sometimes wet in april .
they dislike pears , grapes , and bananas .
he liked a big green automobile .
new jersey is sometimes quiet during winter , and it is never hot in spring .
new jersey is sometimes beautiful during march , but it is usually wonderful in summer .
they dislike mangoes , grapes , and strawberries.
the united states is never beautiful during november , and it is never quiet in july .
i think translating between spanish and portuguese is fun .
the banana is our favorite fruit , but the lemon is your favorite .
paris is sometimes snowy during january , and it is usually hot in april .
their least favorite fruit is the mango , but her least favorite is the peach .
new jersey is never cold during september , and it is sometimes quiet in july .
china is usually wonderful during october , and it is usually dry in june .
she saw that rusty white car .
france is wonderful during december , but it is sometimes freezing in winter .
the united states is relaxing during november , and it is sometimes snowy in winter .
your least favorite fruit is the banana , but our least favorite is the strawberry .
she saw the new green truck .
the strawberry is your most loved fruit , but the lemon is his most loved.
new jersey is never busy during october , but it is cold in september .
they like mangoes , limes , and grapes.
the pear is her least liked fruit , but the orange is their least liked .
china is usually freezing during february , but it is never snowy in summer .
your most loved fruit is the peach , but my most loved is the mango .
he likes that big blue truck .
new jersey is sometimes relaxing during february , but it is never wet in october .
new jersey is snowy during march , but it is sometimes wonderful in november .
india is usually quiet during june , but it is never snowy in december .
the united states is cold during july , but it is sometimes rainy in may .
she is driving the little white truck .
my most loved animal was that bird .
my least liked fruit is the grapefruit , but our least liked is the orange .
paris is busy during may , and it is usually rainy in november .
the grape is my favorite fruit , but the lime is our favorite.
paris is dry during march , and it is never quiet in august .
china is relaxing during january , but it is sometimes beautiful in spring .
india is pleasant during winter , but it is usually quiet in july .
paris is usually quiet during march , but it is never wonderful in autumn .
california is usually warm during june , and it is usually pleasant in july .
paris is sometimes wet during may , and it is never pleasant in spring .
the lemon is your most loved fruit , but the peach is his most loved .
he likes strawberries , pears , and oranges .
the orange is your least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is their least liked .
his favorite fruit is the grape , but our favorite is the lemon.
she dislikes lemons , mangoes , and bananas .
india is never wet during fall , but it is sometimes warm in january .
paris is sometimes freezing during august , and it is never wet in spring .
the united states is wonderful during march , but it is never snowy in january .
the lime is her least liked fruit , but the strawberry is my least liked .
she drives that big blue automobile .
i like limes , apples , and mangoes.
india is pleasant during october , and it is never nice in summer .
france is rainy during january , but it is never wonderful in fall .
france is never rainy during may , but it is nice in october .
she drives the big blue automobile .
france is pleasant during july , but it is usually dry in december .
they dislike pears , mangoes , and grapes .
india is usually wonderful during spring , but it is usually dry in august .
he is driving a big green truck .
paris is sometimes cold during march , but it is usually snowy in autumn .
your favorite fruit is the grape , but their favorite is the grapefruit.
the orange is my most loved fruit , but the grapefruit is their most loved .
india is never snowy during november , and it is usually busy in december .
california is usually wonderful during november , but it is sometimes cold in may .
india is beautiful during november , and it is usually freezing in autumn .
the orange is their favorite fruit , but the mango is his favorite .
you dislike mangoes , lemons , and grapes.
california is never chilly during august , and it is usually nice in autumn .
where is the united states ?
new jersey is dry during spring , and it is never relaxing in march .
paris is never relaxing during june , but it is sometimes nice in august .
china is usually nice during autumn , but it is usually warm in october .
the dog is her favorite animal .
paris is sometimes freezing during spring , and it is warm in fall .
california is sometimes rainy during september , but it is wonderful in may .
they dislike lemons , apples , and grapefruit .
the united states is usually pleasant during may , and it is rainy in summer .
the united states is relaxing during spring , and it is nice in september .
the banana is their least liked fruit , but the peach is my least liked .
the united states is usually rainy during spring , but it is sometimes beautiful in summer .
china is usually hot during autumn , and it is sometimes pleasant in fall .
new jersey is usually relaxing during november , and it is usually mild in october .
they dislike bananas , mangoes , and limes .
she saw the new white truck .
the orange is their least liked fruit , but the strawberry is his least liked .
he likes bananas , grapes , and apples .
she disliked a little blue truck .
she dislikes strawberries , apples , and mangoes .
she dislikes lemons , oranges , and mangoes .
their most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but your most loved is the grape .
india is usually cold during spring , and it is usually dry in august .
she likes apples , grapes , and bananas .
china is snowy during fall , but it is cold in september .
india is sometimes mild during autumn , and it is usually wet in september .
china is sometimes snowy during december , and it is chilly in november .
why are they going to new jersey ?
france is usually chilly during august , but it is never quiet in june .
the lemon is his most loved fruit , but the lime is your most loved .
the united states is nice during december , and it is usually rainy in autumn .
france is never busy during december , and it is never warm in summer .
france is sometimes snowy during summer , and it is sometimes relaxing in november .
paris is never wet during fall , and it is sometimes nice in summer .
california is usually dry during february , and it is sometimes chilly in autumn .
paris is wonderful during may , and it is dry in spring .
china is nice during fall , but it is never dry in september .
china is sometimes wonderful during winter , and it is relaxing in october .
she likes pears , grapes , and apples .
california is pleasant during summer , and it is usually nice in january .
france is quiet during february , but it is sometimes beautiful in september .
he likes pears , strawberries , and mangoes .
he drives the rusty white automobile .
india is sometimes mild during august , and it is usually snowy in april .
india is usually hot during december , but it is sometimes wonderful in february .
the mango is my least liked fruit , but the pear is his least liked .
france is cold during september , but it is hot in july .
new jersey is warm during october , but it is never hot in autumn .
china is never relaxing during october , but it is usually mild in july .
india is usually warm during november , and it is nice in june .
france is usually snowy during autumn , but it is never chilly in summer .
our least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but their least favorite is the banana.
she might go to paris next april .
she drives that rusty yellow truck .
china is relaxing during summer , and it is never quiet in february .
paris is pleasant during january , and it is sometimes cold in spring .
she dislikes limes , strawberries , and grapefruit.
california is never mild during october , and it is rainy in february .
china is never mild during spring , and it is wet in winter .
the mango is her least liked fruit , but the orange is his least liked .
paris is sometimes hot during summer , but it is never mild in january .
he dislikes mangoes , strawberries , and grapes .
their least favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but our least favorite is the pear .
california is never snowy during april , and it is usually busy in july .
the united states is cold during july , but it is sometimes pleasant in spring .
china is wet during july , and it is quiet in october .
paris is beautiful during winter , but it is never busy in november .
the united states is sometimes wonderful during spring , and it is never quiet in october .
the united states is never rainy during february , but it is pleasant in spring .
california is never rainy during july , but it is sometimes beautiful in february .
he dislikes grapefruit , strawberries , and grapes .
paris is sometimes hot during winter , and it is warm in february .
he likes limes , mangoes , and bananas .
the mango is our least liked fruit , but the apple is your least liked .
california is usually hot during august , and it is sometimes pleasant in july .
the lemon is her favorite fruit , but the grape is my favorite .
paris is usually rainy during may , but it is never mild in december .
they like oranges , bananas , and apples .
france is sometimes busy during july , and it is rainy in may .
the lime is his least favorite fruit , but the peach is my least favorite .
her least liked fruit is the mango , but their least liked is the apple .
paris is usually wet during june , and it is sometimes rainy in march .
she drives that new red truck .
the united states is usually snowy during spring , but it is never chilly in april .
china is usually wonderful during may , but it is rainy in january .
his least favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but their least favorite is the mango.
the apple is your least favorite fruit , but the lime is our least favorite .
the orange is her least favorite fruit , but the banana is our least favorite .
france is sometimes dry during summer , but it is snowy in autumn .
he likes oranges , apples , and lemons .
california is sometimes cold during december , but it is never hot in july .
our least favorite fruit is the grape , but their least favorite is the lemon .
india is sometimes quiet during summer , but it is wet in august .
china is never warm during fall , and it is never snowy in winter .
she dislikes limes , strawberries , and lemons.
he likes mangoes , grapes , and pears .
we plan to visit new jersey next october .
the united states is sometimes warm during fall , but it is usually chilly in winter .
india is never nice during september , but it is sometimes hot in autumn .
the grape is their least liked fruit , but the pear is her least liked .
she likes peaches , strawberries , and limes .
paris is usually freezing during december , but it is usually quiet in fall .
they dislike limes , grapefruit , and bananas.
i like bananas , mangoes , and grapefruit .
this mouse was my most feared animal .
the united states is usually rainy during winter , but it is never beautiful in june .
she drove a big white car .
the mango is their least liked fruit , but the strawberry is my least liked .
california is never quiet during september , and it is busy in fall .
she liked that rusty black automobile .
his most loved fruit is the lime , but her most loved is the lemon .
the grapefruit is your least liked fruit , but the lemon is his least liked .
she was driving that shiny blue truck .
paris is never freezing during july , but it is warm in fall .
california is sometimes cold during autumn , but it is nice in june .
california is sometimes warm during february , and it is usually pleasant in january .
paris is usually busy during june , and it is usually hot in april .
the united states is sometimes nice during july , and it is sometimes busy in fall .
china is cold during december , and it is never warm in fall .
india is never dry during spring , but it is usually pleasant in may .
the strawberry is our least liked fruit , but the peach is your least liked.
the lemon is my least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is your least favorite .
california is sometimes freezing during september , and it is never dry in summer .
the mango is his least favorite fruit , but the peach is our least favorite .
the united states is sometimes hot during july , but it is relaxing in june .
new jersey is sometimes beautiful during fall , and it is usually freezing in october .
she likes mangoes , limes , and grapefruit .
the united states is mild during january , and it is rainy in spring .
we like pears , oranges , and apples .
they dislike strawberries , limes , and mangoes .
the pear is your least favorite fruit , but the lime is their least favorite .
paris is usually hot during may , but it is sometimes mild in april .
she drives that new yellow truck .
he dislikes strawberries , limes , and grapefruit .
california is sometimes warm during april , but it is usually quiet in may .
china is usually busy during october , and it is never chilly in july .
they plan to visit the united states in winter .
he dislikes grapes , pears , and mangoes.
he liked the new white car .
new jersey is never pleasant during august , and it is never relaxing in february .
china is never cold during summer , and it is usually nice in august .
she likes strawberries , oranges , and lemons .
her most loved fruit is the strawberry , but his most loved is the grapefruit .
she drove a little green truck .
india is snowy during fall , but it is sometimes rainy in june .
they plan to visit china in july .
california is sometimes mild during summer , and it is sometimes warm in february .
paris is rainy during august , and it is wet in july .
the united states is sometimes dry during march , and it is never pleasant in winter .
he likes peaches , lemons , and pears .
new jersey is never rainy during winter , and it is beautiful in february .
paris is never beautiful during october , but it is freezing in autumn .
she dislikes bananas , pears , and limes .
your favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but my favorite is the apple .
our most loved fruit is the peach , but their most loved is the mango .
new jersey is sometimes hot during october , but it is busy in august .
new jersey is usually dry during march , but it is never cold in july .
california is usually wonderful during july , but it is cold in winter .
china is usually relaxing during june , but it is never quiet in summer .
new jersey is nice during winter , but it is snowy in january .
france is freezing during january , and it is usually rainy in february .
the grape is our least favorite fruit , but the pear is my least favorite .
france is usually warm during june , but it is never chilly in autumn .
his least favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but their least favorite is the orange.
new jersey is sometimes rainy during july , and it is never snowy in winter .
our least favorite fruit is the mango , but their least favorite is the lime .
new jersey is mild during may , and it is never wet in april .
france is usually snowy during february , and it is sometimes cold in august .
india is sometimes chilly during november , but it is sometimes nice in spring .
their least favorite fruit is the orange , but her least favorite is the peach .
new jersey is hot during fall , but it is usually dry in november .
she dislikes bananas , strawberries , and limes .
his most loved fruit is the lime .
your least liked fruit is the banana , but their least liked is the grapefruit .
paris is usually hot during march , and it is never mild in october .
india is freezing during october , and it is beautiful in spring .
he likes strawberries , grapes , and mangoes .
their least liked fruit is the grape , but his least liked is the apple .
the united states is sometimes dry during february , but it is usually beautiful in november .
new jersey is beautiful during february , but it is usually wet in fall .
china is usually beautiful during april , and it is never busy in may .
new jersey is sometimes warm during winter , but it is sometimes beautiful in october .
china is never nice during december , but it is usually warm in winter .
france is chilly during october , and it is never freezing in january .
india is never chilly during fall , and it is never beautiful in november .
france is usually wet during september , and it is mild in fall .
california is never snowy during summer , but it is chilly in february .
china is usually snowy during september , and it is sometimes nice in summer .
their least liked fruit is the strawberry , but your least liked is the pear.
he dislikes peaches , lemons , and strawberries .
she likes limes , bananas , and grapefruit .
the strawberry is his most loved fruit , but the pear is their most loved .
she saw the rusty blue car .
the grape is my least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is her least liked.
california is never busy during spring , but it is sometimes nice in october .
he is driving a little white car .
she likes apples , mangoes , and bananas .
paris is sometimes cold during april , but it is sometimes snowy in fall .
she likes mangoes , oranges , and peaches .
india is never hot during february , but it is sometimes relaxing in march .
california is never beautiful during april , and it is never relaxing in summer .
he was driving the new green automobile .
new jersey is busy during august , and it is sometimes relaxing in spring .
the pear is your least liked fruit , but the peach is our least liked .
china is usually nice during december , but it is never wonderful in may .
new jersey is sometimes mild during august , but it is beautiful in spring .
my least favorite animal was this shark .
new jersey is never snowy during september , but it is hot in may .
new jersey is never quiet during july , and it is wet in august .
france is usually quiet during august , and it is wet in january .
the mango is our favorite fruit , but the lemon is her favorite .
france is usually freezing during april , and it is sometimes chilly in summer .
paris is usually busy during autumn , and it is cold in july .
he disliked the big red automobile .
she likes peaches , grapes , and oranges .
paris is sometimes rainy during winter , but it is never hot in july .
new jersey is pleasant during autumn , and it is never cold in december .
their favorite fruit is the lemon , but our favorite is the orange .
he likes apples , bananas , and oranges .
he likes pears , strawberries , and peaches .
paris is nice during december , but it is usually pleasant in february .
the lime is their least liked fruit , but the grape is our least liked.
new jersey is rainy during june , but it is never quiet in february .
she likes that rusty yellow automobile .
the grape is your least favorite fruit , but the banana is my least favorite .
new jersey is wet during july , but it is wonderful in april .
california is never rainy during january , but it is quiet in winter .
your favorite fruit is the mango , but their favorite is the orange .
the lemon is your most loved fruit , but the strawberry is his most loved .
china is never freezing during winter , and it is sometimes relaxing in july .
she likes pears , lemons , and strawberries .
the banana is our least favorite fruit , but the lemon is her least favorite .
new jersey is dry during july , and it is never snowy in january .
they like lemons , apples , and grapefruit .
he likes apples , pears , and limes .
his least favorite fruit is the pear , but our least favorite is the banana .
france is usually freezing during february , and it is never chilly in spring .
new jersey is sometimes wonderful during november , but it is usually relaxing in spring .
the banana is my most loved fruit , but the apple is his most loved .
the lime is our favorite fruit , but the banana is my favorite.
india is sometimes nice during january , but it is never cold in march .
india is usually wonderful during spring , and it is sometimes relaxing in autumn .
paris is usually pleasant during july , but it is cold in october .
paris is beautiful during fall , and it is hot in january .
new jersey is beautiful during april , and it is nice in november .
my favorite fruit is the orange , but our favorite is the lemon .
her least favorite fruit is the apple , but your least favorite is the lemon .
new jersey is usually snowy during autumn , and it is usually dry in july .
he likes limes , oranges , and strawberries .
the grape is her favorite fruit , but the peach is their favorite.
she liked that old red automobile .
china is relaxing during july , but it is usually freezing in autumn .
she dislikes grapefruit , peaches , and lemons .
france is sometimes cold during winter , but it is never snowy in summer .
our most loved fruit is the lemon , but her most loved is the mango .
they might go to new jersey next fall .
they like grapes , mangoes , and grapefruit .
california is beautiful during january , but it is usually quiet in may .
he dislikes bananas and pears .
new jersey is sometimes freezing during june , but it is sometimes snowy in january .
we dislike pears , oranges , and grapes .
paris is usually dry during august , but it is sometimes wonderful in may .
new jersey is sometimes hot during fall , and it is sometimes nice in april .
california is dry during june , but it is never wet in winter .
china is sometimes warm during february , and it is never beautiful in autumn .
france is usually chilly during july , but it is sometimes dry in june .
china is usually cold during september , but it is never hot in fall .
my least liked fruit is the strawberry , but our least liked is the grapefruit.
india is usually relaxing during autumn , but it is usually pleasant in august .
the peach is his least liked fruit , but the mango is their least liked .
new jersey is never pleasant during spring , and it is sometimes dry in december .
france is wet during july , but it is usually freezing in november .
their favorite fruit is the peach , but her favorite is the lime .
the apple is our least favorite fruit , but the banana is his least favorite .
he likes mangoes , oranges , and lemons .
they like peaches , mangoes , and lemons .
the bird was my most loved animal .
my least favorite fruit is the mango , but his least favorite is the strawberry .
you like strawberries , lemons , and limes .
france is quiet during winter , and it is sometimes hot in spring .
the strawberry is her favorite fruit , but the pear is my favorite .
the peach is her least liked fruit , but the apple is his least liked .
india is sometimes busy during october , and it is hot in november .
california is busy during june , but it is usually hot in january .
my favorite fruit is the banana , but her favorite is the grape .
paris is never mild during july , and it is usually chilly in october .
china is never beautiful during summer , but it is sometimes quiet in autumn .
paris is never nice during january , and it is sometimes rainy in spring .
the pear is my least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is our least favorite .
china is never warm during winter , but it is usually freezing in may .
new jersey is wet during may , but it is never rainy in winter .
india is never beautiful during june , and it is usually busy in november .
new jersey is sometimes hot during april , but it is usually busy in fall .
she dislikes lemons , mangoes , and bananas .
california is sometimes chilly during september , and it is sometimes nice in october .
the united states is usually relaxing during winter , and it is sometimes nice in january .
new jersey is sometimes chilly during spring , but it is never rainy in february .
france is never warm during january , but it is sometimes cold in winter .
california is sometimes beautiful during august , but it is usually busy in spring .
california is usually rainy during october , and it is sometimes nice in february .
china is relaxing during october , but it is sometimes beautiful in fall .
india is sometimes chilly during march , but it is never busy in april .
paris is never beautiful during summer , and it is chilly in december .
india is never chilly during spring , but it is sometimes quiet in september .
paris is usually wet during may , and it is sometimes quiet in august .
california is never beautiful during december , and it is sometimes hot in january .
france is never dry during summer , but it is never hot in december .
california is usually beautiful during july , and it is usually snowy in may .
oranges are your favorite fruit .
the united states is never busy during december , and it is nice in fall .
the lemon is her least favorite fruit , but the peach is my least favorite .
paris is usually beautiful during winter , and it is sometimes snowy in december .
the united states is usually rainy during fall , but it is sometimes quiet in november .
california is usually rainy during fall , but it is beautiful in winter .
france is never rainy during june , but it is never nice in autumn .
france is usually freezing during spring , and it is nice in july .
california is warm during winter , and it is usually wonderful in november .
france is never quiet during march , and it is never mild in fall .
california is warm during winter , but it is relaxing in february .
the united states is never beautiful during may , but it is never freezing in winter .
we like grapes , peaches , and mangoes .
he dislikes pears , apples , and strawberries .
sharks were her most feared animals .
our favorite fruit is the lime , but her favorite is the grapefruit.
india is usually snowy during april , but it is never wonderful in winter .
india is usually warm during december , and it is usually rainy in summer .
i dislike grapes , grapefruit , and strawberries .
he likes pears and mangoes .
new jersey is sometimes rainy during october , and it is never warm in fall .
paris is usually dry during april , and it is usually nice in summer .
paris is never hot during may , and it is chilly in august .
the united states is never relaxing during september , and it is sometimes snowy in october .
your most loved fruit is the lemon , but their most loved is the orange .
we like oranges , limes , and bananas .
india is sometimes relaxing during autumn , but it is never mild in september .
the united states is never chilly during march , but it is sometimes freezing in april .
he dislikes pears and oranges .
china is usually mild during fall , but it is never hot in april .
new jersey is wet during autumn , and it is freezing in fall .
their favorite fruit is the pear , but my favorite is the orange .
india is rainy during june , but it is sometimes freezing in september .
india is usually warm during december , and it is beautiful in april .
he dislikes grapefruit , grapes , and pears .
new jersey is never quiet during april , but it is chilly in summer .
france is quiet during spring , and it is never wet in july .
india is sometimes freezing during november , but it is never pleasant in march .
she liked a rusty black truck .
paris is never hot during august , and it is usually quiet in february .
he dislikes apples and strawberries .
the united states is wonderful during april , and it is chilly in january .
new jersey is sometimes quiet during october , but it is beautiful in summer .
the united states is usually busy during february , and it is never quiet in june .
she dislikes bananas , limes , and pears .
china is sometimes quiet during winter , and it is never chilly in spring .
the monkey is my most loved animal .
the grapefruit is her least favorite fruit , but the pear is our least favorite .
he dislikes mangoes , pears , and oranges .
the peach is my least favorite fruit , but the lemon is your least favorite .
india is sometimes hot during september , but it is usually relaxing in july .
china is sometimes freezing during fall , and it is hot in spring .
california is nice during may , but it is freezing in july .
california is usually snowy during summer , but it is rainy in june .
new jersey is sometimes wonderful during february , and it is usually warm in november .
my favorite fruit is the grape , but their favorite is the strawberry.
they dislike grapefruit and mangoes .
he dislikes grapes , strawberries , and lemons.
she likes pears , oranges , and grapes .
china is dry during autumn , and it is sometimes beautiful in august .
india is usually relaxing during may , and it is sometimes wonderful in february .
the united states is never snowy during july , and it is mild in january .
she disliked that old red automobile .
the united states is usually warm during august , but it is chilly in december .
california is usually freezing during july , but it is never warm in january .
i like bananas , pears , and limes .
she likes lemons and grapes.
new jersey is pleasant during fall , and it is nice in october .
how was the weather in new jersey last winter ?
your least favorite fruit is the apple , but his least favorite is the lime .
india is never wonderful during june , but it is beautiful in october .
i dislike peaches , oranges , and bananas .
my most loved fruit is the lemon , but their most loved is the grape .
india is sometimes pleasant during winter , but it is sometimes busy in spring .
his most loved animal was this lion .
the strawberry is our least liked fruit , but the lemon is their least liked.
the apple is her most loved fruit , but the lime is their most loved .
she disliked a shiny red automobile .
china is rainy during january , and it is sometimes pleasant in april .
the peach is her least favorite fruit , but the orange is their least favorite .
the united states is dry during september , but it is never wet in march .
he plans to visit france in summer .
he dislikes grapefruit and strawberries .
india is never cold during april , but it is never nice in october .
my most loved animal is this monkey .
her favorite fruit is the orange , but their favorite is the mango .
california is usually cold during april , but it is dry in october .
she drove that old blue truck .
this bear was my most feared animal .
california is usually rainy during april , and it is usually mild in summer .
china is snowy during april , and it is cold in spring .
china is never cold during october , but it is sometimes rainy in winter .
paris is rainy during december , and it is usually pleasant in july .
california is never pleasant during january , but it is never hot in december .
paris is sometimes pleasant during august , and it is usually busy in october .
he is driving a old black truck .
the grapefruit is our least favorite fruit , but the lime is your least favorite .
he dislikes grapefruit , grapes , and bananas .
france is wonderful during july , but it is usually rainy in june .
our least favorite fruit is the grape , but my least favorite is the grapefruit .
paris is usually freezing during autumn , but it is mild in march .
new jersey is usually pleasant during february , and it is sometimes beautiful in june .
i dislike apples , lemons , and grapes .
the lemon is your most loved fruit , but the peach is my most loved .
he likes a little blue car .
india is never wonderful during summer , and it is usually pleasant in december .
china is nice during july , but it is usually chilly in october .
new jersey is usually chilly during august , but it is sometimes freezing in summer .
china is hot during fall , and it is sometimes warm in november .
new jersey is usually quiet during fall , but it is usually warm in june .
china is snowy during august , but it is usually freezing in february .
china is never busy during october , but it is never warm in fall .
china is usually cold during summer , but it is usually freezing in january .
the strawberry is our most loved fruit , but the lime is your most loved.
the lime is our least liked fruit , but the apple is her least liked.
paris is beautiful during fall , and it is rainy in april .
the united states is never dry during december , but it is sometimes busy in autumn .
your favorite fruit is the grape , but their favorite is the strawberry.
new jersey is usually warm during june , but it is sometimes freezing in winter .
france is usually rainy during winter , but it is usually wet in september .
she likes lemons and bananas.
california is sometimes dry during may , and it is usually freezing in february .
paris is sometimes busy during spring , but it is sometimes wet in february .
new jersey is chilly during july , but it is usually quiet in june .
california is sometimes mild during spring , but it is sometimes quiet in november .
paris is sometimes quiet during december , and it is usually freezing in autumn .
the pear is their most loved fruit , but the peach is your most loved .
she likes that new red car .
new jersey is never mild during winter , and it is freezing in october .
she dislikes mangoes and pears.
she likes limes , oranges , and grapefruit .
france is usually mild during september , but it is sometimes hot in november .
paris is usually warm during may , and it is never hot in october .
the united states is never cold during december , but it is never quiet in summer .
we dislike mangoes , bananas , and peaches.
california is sometimes mild during fall , and it is sometimes freezing in december .
her most loved animals are sharks .
the grapefruit is our least liked fruit , but the orange is their least liked .
you dislike apples , lemons , and bananas .
his most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but your most loved is the peach.
india is cold during august , and it is sometimes nice in september .
our least liked fruit is the lemon , but my least liked is the mango .
i plan to visit the united states next may .
the orange is their favorite fruit , but the grape is his favorite .
your most loved fruit is the grape , but our most loved is the banana .
this cat is my favorite animal .
she dislikes the shiny black automobile .
they are going to paris next summer .
paris is sometimes busy during autumn , but it is never nice in january .
his least favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but our least favorite is the apple.
he likes that little black automobile .
china is never freezing during fall , but it is sometimes quiet in june .
france is sometimes relaxing during january , but it is never beautiful in autumn .
new jersey is usually mild during march , but it is never wonderful in autumn .
he dislikes strawberries , bananas , and oranges .
india is beautiful during fall , but it is never busy in october .
she saw that rusty blue truck .
china is sometimes snowy during autumn , but it is wonderful in july .
the banana is their favorite fruit , but the pear is our favorite .
the united states is snowy during february , and it is usually nice in december .
new jersey is never wet during november , and it is sometimes beautiful in september .
france is never cold during august , but it is usually rainy in may .
the united states is usually wet during july , but it is sometimes mild in autumn .
new jersey is sometimes beautiful during january , but it is usually hot in october .
paris is sometimes pleasant during summer , and it is usually relaxing in january .
india is never quiet during october , and it is sometimes pleasant in november .
india is mild during fall , but it is sometimes warm in september .
she likes grapefruit , pears , and peaches .
we like peaches , oranges , and apples .
india is sometimes snowy during october , but it is usually freezing in february .
her most feared animal was that rabbit .
he likes mangoes , peaches , and grapefruit .
she dislikes apples , pears , and grapes .
the strawberry is his favorite fruit , but the apple is her favorite .
the mango is my favorite fruit , but the lemon is your favorite .
i like grapes , peaches , and oranges .
california is never rainy during december , but it is busy in april .
that rabbit was her most feared animal .
we dislike lemons , mangoes , and oranges .
paris is sometimes busy during may , and it is usually nice in july .
california is sometimes freezing during fall , but it is never hot in summer .
france is usually nice during april , and it is chilly in november .
paris is usually cold during february , and it is usually rainy in fall .
the lemon is her least favorite fruit , but the mango is our least favorite .
she is driving that big blue automobile .
new jersey is snowy during june , and it is never beautiful in april .
you dislike lemons , apples , and bananas .
france is freezing during march , but it is sometimes cold in october .
new jersey is sometimes hot during november , and it is never rainy in june .
the mango is their least favorite fruit , but the pear is my least favorite .
new jersey is usually pleasant during july , but it is never wet in summer .
france is sometimes relaxing during june , but it is usually mild in winter .
he likes grapefruit , apples , and peaches .
china is never hot during fall , and it is dry in spring .
the apple is your least favorite fruit , but the orange is my least favorite .
he dislikes strawberries , apples , and lemons .
the bear is my most feared animal .
it's difficult to translate spanish to chinese .
we dislike pears , oranges , and strawberries .
india is pleasant during september , but it is sometimes chilly in april .
i dislike oranges , strawberries , and apples .
new jersey is wonderful during fall , but it is sometimes mild in august .
france is sometimes mild during september , and it is usually rainy in november .
the mango is my least favorite fruit , but the grape is your least favorite .
she dislikes mangoes , bananas , and peaches .
california is nice during may , but it is usually wonderful in february .
india is sometimes rainy during july , and it is usually relaxing in january .
the orange is your favorite fruit , but the banana is her favorite .
paris is sometimes beautiful during april , but it is sometimes chilly in february .
we like oranges , limes , and peaches .
new jersey is dry during autumn , and it is never nice in february .
california is never quiet during winter , and it is wet in spring .
i like grapefruit and strawberries .
your most loved fruit is the peach , but his most loved is the strawberry .
france is never nice during july , and it is freezing in january .
i like grapefruit , pears , and limes .
she likes grapes , oranges , and pears.
california is quiet during summer , but it is never rainy in september .
he likes limes , grapefruit , and lemons .
the united states is quiet during march , but it is usually beautiful in fall .
paris is sometimes freezing during fall , but it is usually rainy in spring .
their least liked fruit is the grapefruit , but her least liked is the strawberry .
new jersey is quiet during january , but it is sometimes nice in fall .
california is usually nice during autumn , and it is usually busy in july .
china is sometimes wet during may , but it is usually dry in autumn .
mangoes are my favorite fruit .
they like strawberries , grapefruit , and peaches .
when is she going to the eiffel tower ?
the strawberry is her least liked fruit , but the peach is our least liked .
the orange is my most loved fruit , but the lime is our most loved .
new jersey is rainy during august , and it is never snowy in june .
california is usually pleasant during june , and it is never busy in february .
paris is usually chilly during january , and it is relaxing in spring .
she dislikes bananas , grapefruit , and mangoes .
new jersey is chilly during march , but it is never hot in june .
china is sometimes chilly during june , and it is sometimes beautiful in january .
the united states is never quiet during january , and it is hot in may .
when did we go to the grocery store ?
the united states is never dry during february , and it is wet in september .
california is beautiful during summer , and it is usually rainy in july .
new jersey is never chilly during winter , but it is sometimes pleasant in summer .
france is sometimes quiet during spring , but it is never snowy in december .
that horse is my most loved animal .
california is never wonderful during september , and it is usually nice in autumn .
she wanted to go to new jersey last february .
france is never pleasant during june , but it is sometimes mild in march .
the banana is his least liked fruit , but the peach is my least liked .
she dislikes mangoes , strawberries , and apples.
the orange is his favorite fruit , but the lime is our favorite .
new jersey is sometimes hot during july , and it is never warm in summer .
his favorite fruit is the peach , but her favorite is the strawberry .
the lemon is their least liked fruit , but the lime is your least liked .
india is usually cold during september , but it is never dry in april .
california is cold during september , but it is busy in august .
the united states is never rainy during spring , but it is sometimes wet in september .
new jersey is dry during autumn , and it is never beautiful in april .
china is usually quiet during april , and it is never rainy in february .
china is cold during july , and it is freezing in winter .
china is usually wet during march , and it is sometimes freezing in september .
france is usually snowy during december , and it is never busy in spring .
the grape is our most loved fruit , but the strawberry is his most loved .
they like strawberries , pears , and bananas .
their least liked fruit is the orange , but his least liked is the mango .
france is beautiful during spring , and it is never mild in july .
paris is usually beautiful during june , but it is never rainy in november .
paris is beautiful during september , and it is sometimes rainy in january .
india is usually hot during december , and it is never nice in september .
the united states is sometimes dry during spring , and it is usually pleasant in autumn .
he dislikes strawberries , grapes , and peaches .
lemons are your least favorite fruit.
paris is never cold during june , and it is sometimes chilly in august .
india is never mild during june , but it is never nice in spring .
china is sometimes dry during october , but it is never beautiful in spring .
china is beautiful during february , but it is usually busy in august .
our least favorite fruit is the pear , but my least favorite is the banana .
your least liked fruit is the lemon , but our least liked is the pear .
the lime is their favorite fruit , but the apple is her favorite .
his most loved fruit is the mango , but our most loved is the banana .
china is usually snowy during september , but it is beautiful in december .
the lime is our least favorite fruit , but the pear is your least favorite.
france is sometimes cold during july , but it is never snowy in fall .
he likes peaches , mangoes , and lemons .
china is sometimes quiet during november , but it is freezing in june .
she dislikes bananas , pears , and strawberries .
china is snowy during november , and it is never cold in fall .
california is never rainy during may , but it is never wonderful in march .
paris is quiet during july , and it is usually freezing in november .
her favorite fruit is the strawberry , but our favorite is the grape .
he dislikes oranges , pears , and apples .
the lemon is my most loved fruit , but the mango is your most loved .
he likes grapes , limes , and mangoes.
does she like the football field ?
his most loved fruit is the pear , but her most loved is the grape .
new jersey is usually hot during november , and it is sometimes rainy in july .
india is usually nice during may , but it is sometimes freezing in august .
the united states is never wet during november , but it is usually quiet in fall .
india is never wonderful during october , and it is nice in september .
the united states is never hot during november , but it is never quiet in autumn .
he likes grapes , pears , and strawberries.
the united states is never dry during september , but it is quiet in february .
new jersey is cold during fall , and it is usually warm in spring .
my most loved fruit is the apple , but his most loved is the strawberry .
india is sometimes busy during november , but it is usually cold in july .
he saw a big green automobile .
china is usually relaxing during august , but it is usually nice in july .
your most loved fruit is the lime , but his most loved is the grape .
she dislikes peaches , strawberries , and pears .
they like lemons , peaches , and strawberries .
we dislike lemons , oranges , and grapes .
your least liked fruit is the apple , but my least liked is the peach .
paris is sometimes wonderful during august , but it is never cold in autumn .
paris is sometimes pleasant during november , but it is cold in january .
india is freezing during june , but it is sometimes nice in may .
china is usually chilly during february , and it is sometimes warm in july .
california is usually wonderful during may , but it is sometimes chilly in autumn .
your least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but her least favorite is the pear.
paris is usually chilly during december , and it is never cold in april .
paris is sometimes snowy during july , but it is cold in september .
new jersey is rainy during winter , but it is usually wet in december .
china is cold during spring , and it is chilly in november .
i dislike lemons , grapefruit , and limes .
paris is usually wonderful during january , but it is dry in fall .
he liked the shiny red automobile .
the lime is our favorite fruit , but the peach is his favorite.
my most loved fruit is the apple , but your most loved is the peach .
the united states is sometimes hot during fall , and it is never chilly in september .
you dislike lemons , mangoes , and bananas .
i dislike peaches , limes , and bananas .
grapefruit are our favorite fruit .
i dislike peaches , limes , and mangoes .
india is never mild during winter , and it is quiet in april .
india is never beautiful during autumn , and it is busy in april .
paris is sometimes dry during winter , and it is usually hot in september .
the grapefruit is his most loved fruit , but the lime is their most loved.
they might go to india next june .
china is sometimes snowy during february , and it is usually beautiful in november .
the united states is usually freezing during march , but it is usually quiet in june .
paris is sometimes beautiful during fall , but it is quiet in november .
they dislike oranges , grapes , and bananas .
california is pleasant during july , and it is quiet in january .
you dislike pears , apples , and grapefruit .
he drove the little blue car .
new jersey is rainy during january , but it is usually freezing in autumn .
california is never snowy during november , and it is never relaxing in june .
california is sometimes relaxing during november , but it is sometimes nice in october .
china is never warm during june , and it is usually freezing in november .
i like oranges , pears , and lemons .
india is never snowy during spring , but it is rainy in summer .
his most loved fruit is the mango , but your most loved is the apple .
india is never nice during august , and it is usually relaxing in autumn .
china is never cold during march , and it is dry in june .
this cat was her least favorite animal .
she likes apples , mangoes , and strawberries .
paris is never relaxing during spring , but it is hot in fall .
france is usually snowy during may , but it is sometimes cold in august .
she likes peaches , limes , and bananas .
new jersey is never cold during march , and it is rainy in spring .
paris is never mild during march , but it is sometimes quiet in may .
india is never wonderful during fall , and it is sometimes busy in january .
france is usually beautiful during summer , and it is never quiet in march .
california is usually hot during may , and it is usually rainy in fall .
he likes grapes , mangoes , and bananas.
the united states is never warm during fall , and it is sometimes busy in december .
the lemon is her least liked fruit , but the apple is your least liked .
she wants to go to china  .
california is usually mild during spring , and it is sometimes snowy in october .
california is sometimes mild during january , and it is beautiful in february .
the united states is hot during october , but it is sometimes warm in summer .
france is mild during august , and it is never wonderful in april .
he saw a old white truck .
she likes oranges , grapes , and mangoes .
india is sometimes chilly during winter , and it is sometimes snowy in fall .
she is driving that little yellow car .
he dislikes grapefruit , oranges , and peaches .
france is sometimes dry during spring , and it is usually chilly in august .
their most loved fruit is the orange , but her most loved is the mango .
the united states is usually nice during winter , but it is usually freezing in december .
they dislike peaches , strawberries , and mangoes .
new jersey is never mild during may , and it is never hot in november .
the grape is our least favorite fruit , but the orange is his least favorite .
the united states is sometimes wonderful during september , and it is never busy in summer .
he likes apples , oranges , and peaches .
the united states is snowy during december , and it is sometimes chilly in march .
the apple is our favorite fruit , but the peach is my favorite .
france is never dry during december , and it is never chilly in october .
the pear is his favorite fruit , but the peach is her favorite .
france is sometimes wonderful during spring , but it is usually mild in october .
the united states is never beautiful during august , and it is cold in december .
the banana is our least liked fruit .
that elephant is my least favorite animal .
california is rainy during winter , but it is sometimes busy in november .
the united states is never beautiful during july , and it is usually nice in august .
china is quiet during september , but it is mild in april .
the grape is his least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is your least liked.
india is nice during july , and it is never freezing in march .
your least favorite fruit is the pear , but their least favorite is the banana .
paris is usually mild during march , and it is usually relaxing in autumn .
she likes oranges , lemons , and pears .
france is warm during fall , and it is usually rainy in december .
the united states is never wet during august , but it is sometimes freezing in february .
the lemon is her most loved fruit , but the peach is his most loved .
china is never dry during october , but it is chilly in december .
the united states is sometimes nice during may , but it is sometimes mild in march .
china is sometimes cold during january , but it is chilly in fall .
california is usually chilly during winter , and it is sometimes busy in autumn .
your favorite fruit is the banana , but his favorite is the lemon .
my favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but her favorite is the banana .
france is usually freezing during november , and it is never rainy in may .
paris is usually relaxing during june , but it is never pleasant in fall .
china is sometimes cold during july , but it is freezing in spring .
the united states is never chilly during december , but it is usually beautiful in autumn .
california is sometimes beautiful during fall , but it is cold in july .
india is pleasant during august , but it is usually chilly in october .
france is usually pleasant during august , and it is never warm in summer .
the united states is never dry during august , and it is never mild in november .
the united states is sometimes hot during november , but it is never wonderful in june .
france is usually wet during winter , but it is freezing in fall .
india is nice during november , but it is sometimes snowy in october .
the united states is sometimes quiet during january , but it is hot in fall .
france is sometimes rainy during december , and it is sometimes cold in april .
california is sometimes relaxing during october , and it is usually mild in january .
why didn't they go to new jersey ?
she likes mangoes , peaches , and lemons .
he dislikes strawberries , bananas , and peaches .
china is never hot during fall , but it is never nice in march .
india is sometimes hot during march , but it is never wonderful in fall .
china is sometimes warm during autumn , but it is sometimes wet in september .
they like pears , peaches , and bananas .
i plan to visit france in february .
france is sometimes nice during autumn , and it is never mild in may .
new jersey is sometimes mild during december , and it is sometimes warm in fall .
their favorite fruit is the orange , but his favorite is the grapefruit .
paris is never rainy during winter , and it is usually beautiful in april .
paris is sometimes snowy during spring , and it is cold in september .
the mango is his least liked fruit , but the banana is your least liked .
your most loved animal is the dog .
india is pleasant during february , and it is sometimes mild in december .
my favorite fruit is the mango , but her favorite is the apple .
france is sometimes hot during may , and it is never cold in july .
new jersey is never quiet during may , and it is never pleasant in february .
she dislikes bananas , grapes , and pears .
we like bananas , limes , and mangoes .
the apple is my least favorite fruit , but the peach is our least favorite .
the united states is never freezing during spring , and it is sometimes nice in september .
paris is sometimes rainy during july , but it is never freezing in october .
you like limes , bananas , and oranges.
the united states is sometimes hot during june , and it is usually warm in may .
your least favorite fruit is the pear , but my least favorite is the lemon .
the cat is his most feared animal .
china is usually beautiful during spring , and it is never dry in may .
she dislikes pears , apples , and grapefruit .
the united states is sometimes cold during april , and it is sometimes hot in november .
his least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but your least favorite is the peach .
my least favorite fruit is the lemon , but his least favorite is the peach .
she dislikes limes , oranges , and peaches.
she dislikes pears , bananas , and oranges .
california is usually relaxing during summer , but it is usually pleasant in autumn .
new jersey is never relaxing during october , but it is never wonderful in february .
new jersey is hot during august , but it is sometimes busy in february .
her least favorite fruit is the orange , but his least favorite is the grapefruit .
the mango is your least favorite fruit , but the lemon is his least favorite .
the apple is your least liked fruit , but the mango is our least liked .
new jersey is wonderful during summer , and it is usually wet in march .
paris is sometimes dry during july , but it is pleasant in march .
the united states is sometimes dry during march , but it is never pleasant in february .
paris is beautiful during september , and it is never rainy in january .
paris is never beautiful during january , and it is cold in november .
she likes mangoes , strawberries , and limes .
his least favorite fruit is the orange , but your least favorite is the grape .
the strawberry is his favorite fruit , but the lime is their favorite .
the bird is his most loved animal .
she likes apples , oranges , and grapes .
paris is sometimes chilly during october , and it is never wonderful in june .
new jersey is relaxing during april , but it is usually nice in october .
california is nice during august , and it is never relaxing in autumn .
china is hot during may , but it is sometimes busy in august .
my favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but her favorite is the peach .
india is never pleasant during autumn , and it is never quiet in february .
india is never snowy during may , but it is sometimes busy in march .
india is usually relaxing during january , and it is never busy in may .
china is never pleasant during september , and it is sometimes rainy in april .
she dislikes that shiny black automobile .
paris is sometimes wonderful during april , but it is usually chilly in november .
their least liked fruit is the lime , but his least liked is the lemon.
paris is nice during august , but it is usually quiet in autumn .
i dislike peaches , oranges , and grapes .
california is pleasant during january , and it is usually busy in summer .
he dislikes pears and grapes .
the strawberry is their least favorite fruit , but the orange is your least favorite.
new jersey is sometimes dry during december , but it is usually quiet in october .
they like pears , mangoes , and bananas .
india is never snowy during summer , and it is never chilly in august .
the mango is my least liked fruit , but the banana is our least liked .
his least liked fruit is the lemon , but their least liked is the pear .
india is usually quiet during august , but it is usually snowy in autumn .
your most loved animals were dogs .
you like strawberries , oranges , and lemons .
california is quiet during june , but it is rainy in summer .
their least liked fruit is the strawberry , but my least liked is the grapefruit.
india is sometimes nice during november , but it is never mild in august .
new jersey is relaxing during winter , but it is never busy in january .
i dislike pears , apples , and limes .
india is sometimes wet during summer , and it is usually dry in july .
the rabbit was her most feared animal .
paris is warm during spring , but it is never quiet in july .
new jersey is never pleasant during summer , and it is usually hot in april .
the peach is our least liked fruit , but the lemon is your least liked .
the banana is his least favorite fruit , but the grape is my least favorite .
california is freezing during spring , but it is warm in autumn .
he dislikes strawberries , mangoes , and lemons .
he liked the big black car .
the united states is never pleasant during february , but it is relaxing in april .
he dislikes oranges , peaches , and mangoes .
california is never relaxing during june , and it is usually quiet in january .
new jersey is mild during february , but it is sometimes dry in april .
paris is never mild during autumn , and it is sometimes snowy in february .
he likes bananas and apples .
california is never chilly during february , and it is never relaxing in july .
the orange is his least liked fruit , but the pear is their least liked .
the banana is my favorite fruit , but the apple is her favorite .
california is usually relaxing during january , and it is sometimes wet in autumn .
they dislike lemons , oranges , and peaches .
france is hot during november , but it is usually snowy in fall .
california is sometimes dry during september , but it is sometimes relaxing in february .
she likes oranges , grapefruit , and mangoes .
you like lemons , limes , and strawberries .
california is freezing during autumn , but it is never snowy in april .
her most loved fruit is the grape , but your most loved is the lime.
the pear is our favorite fruit , but the grape is your favorite .
they like bananas , apples , and oranges .
his most loved fruit is the apple , but our most loved is the lemon .
new jersey is wonderful during may , and it is sometimes snowy in april .
the united states is sometimes wet during september , and it is usually cold in autumn .
your least liked fruit is the grape , but his least liked is the peach .
he was driving that old white car .
india is usually busy during june , and it is usually wonderful in december .
new jersey is never snowy during winter , but it is sometimes cold in january .
she dislikes that new yellow car .
her least favorite animal was this snake .
he dislikes lemons , peaches , and bananas.
india is sometimes beautiful during march , but it is never chilly in july .
the united states is never chilly during september , but it is sometimes cold in april .
california is never wonderful during august , but it is never beautiful in december .
the mango is our most loved fruit , but the grapefruit is their most loved .
india is never chilly during november , but it is wonderful in september .
france is usually dry during march , but it is sometimes beautiful in october .
they dislike lemons , pears , and grapefruit .
the united states is never pleasant during june , but it is sometimes warm in february .
their least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but your least favorite is the mango.
california is snowy during june , and it is usually pleasant in july .
he likes a shiny black car .
the lemon is my favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is his favorite .
the mango is your least liked fruit , but the strawberry is my least liked .
they went to india .
india is never warm during july , and it is usually rainy in april .
his least liked fruit is the orange , but their least liked is the grapefruit .
china is usually mild during summer , and it is sometimes rainy in autumn .
she likes bananas , grapes , and pears .
france is never relaxing during august , and it is sometimes wonderful in november .
the pear is his most loved fruit , but the strawberry is your most loved .
new jersey is usually pleasant during fall , and it is sometimes snowy in march .
our least favorite fruit is the peach , but your least favorite is the lemon .
she likes peaches , pears , and bananas .
new jersey is usually quiet during march , but it is never pleasant in autumn .
the united states is sometimes cold during winter , and it is dry in october .
the united states is usually pleasant during september , but it is sometimes nice in january .
i think it's difficult to translate spanish to portuguese .
she went to paris last winter .
her least favorite fruit is the lemon , but their least favorite is the lime .
your least liked fruit is the banana , but my least liked is the orange .
you dislike peaches , grapes , and pears .
new jersey is warm during winter , and it is sometimes beautiful in fall .
our favorite fruit is the lemon , but my favorite is the apple .
he drives the shiny green car .
france is usually pleasant during november , and it is usually rainy in december .
their least favorite fruit is the peach , but my least favorite is the grapefruit .
china is sometimes freezing during july , but it is usually snowy in february .
new jersey is sometimes rainy during october , but it is beautiful in january .
the pear is his least liked fruit , but the grape is her least liked .
new jersey is never beautiful during january , and it is warm in july .
our favorite fruit is the grape , but her favorite is the apple .
her least favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but his least favorite is the orange .
the peach is her least liked fruit , but the apple is my least liked .
china is quiet during february , and it is usually rainy in january .
the united states is usually snowy during winter , and it is usually relaxing in spring .
france is never quiet during january , and it is relaxing in summer .
my favorite fruit is the banana , but her favorite is the apple .
she disliked that big yellow car .
we like apples , lemons , and grapefruit .
india is sometimes dry during april , but it is never pleasant in autumn .
paris is never freezing during february , but it is sometimes dry in june .
california is cold during september , and it is quiet in november .
the peach is my least favorite fruit , but the lime is his least favorite .
paris is usually warm during june , and it is freezing in march .
the united states is never chilly during june , and it is mild in august .
she likes apples and lemons .
he likes peaches , limes , and bananas .
new jersey is sometimes quiet during autumn , but it is snowy in october .
my most loved fruit is the pear , but his most loved is the strawberry .
our least favorite fruit is the lemon , but their least favorite is the lime .
he likes strawberries , peaches , and mangoes .
the united states is pleasant during may , but it is never freezing in september .
he plans to visit california in march .
india is usually hot during september , but it is busy in february .
the orange is their least favorite fruit , but the apple is your least favorite .
they like lemons , peaches , and grapefruit .
he dislikes strawberries , pears , and lemons .
the united states is cold during may , but it is usually hot in october .
china is usually chilly during spring , but it is usually quiet in april .
he saw the rusty green car .
my least favorite fruit is the banana , but their least favorite is the pear .
his most loved fruit is the lemon , but their most loved is the grapefruit .
california is usually busy during june , but it is usually wet in march .
india is usually dry during april , and it is usually nice in december .
you dislike grapefruit and peaches .
paris is usually freezing during november , and it is dry in summer .
the pear is your least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is our least favorite .
the grape is my favorite fruit , but the banana is your favorite.
she likes pears , peaches , and mangoes .
india is sometimes busy during september , and it is usually snowy in june .
china is usually wonderful during july , but it is quiet in may .
paris is never busy during june , but it is sometimes wonderful in october .
she dislikes pears , bananas , and grapes .
paris is beautiful during july , but it is usually freezing in september .
france is usually relaxing during april , but it is sometimes nice in november .
my favorite fruit is the banana , but your favorite is the apple .
the united states is quiet during summer , and it is never dry in autumn .
she likes peaches , oranges , and mangoes .
paris is never rainy during september , but it is sometimes snowy in january .
he drove the big red truck .
paris is rainy during autumn , but it is relaxing in october .
he likes limes , strawberries , and bananas .
the pear is his least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is our least liked .
the grapefruit is his favorite fruit , but the orange is our favorite.
new jersey is never busy during autumn , and it is usually wet in july .
california is sometimes wonderful during july , but it is quiet in august .
china is never wet during may , but it is busy in january .
she likes that new green car .
france is usually rainy during july , and it is never cold in spring .
their least favorite fruit is the lime , but my least favorite is the peach.
the lime is my least liked fruit , but the strawberry is his least liked .
he likes apples , oranges , and grapefruit .
he dislikes apples , pears , and grapefruit .
france is busy during november , but it is sometimes quiet in september .
the pear is my most loved fruit , but the strawberry is your most loved .
she disliked the big red truck .
paris is never busy during july , and it is never wonderful in october .
the united states is usually wonderful during winter , and it is never mild in summer .
france is sometimes nice during january , and it is sometimes chilly in winter .
the peach is your favorite fruit , but the lime is her favorite .
she likes a little green automobile .
the united states is sometimes snowy during april , and it is warm in january .
france is usually quiet during april , but it is nice in march .
new jersey is usually busy during december , and it is never snowy in june .
her least liked fruit is the lemon , but our least liked is the banana .
france is never busy during february , and it is relaxing in january .
he dislikes pears , strawberries , and lemons .
india is never rainy during february , and it is snowy in november .
india is sometimes quiet during july , but it is sometimes pleasant in april .
california is never nice during winter , and it is sometimes wonderful in august .
paris is never mild during december , but it is sometimes cold in august .
paris is usually cold during december , but it is chilly in november .
france is usually rainy during winter , but it is busy in january .
i dislike pears , strawberries , and peaches .
paris is usually snowy during april , and it is never quiet in may .
california is never beautiful during february , but it is sometimes snowy in winter .
new jersey is usually relaxing during june , and it is beautiful in autumn .
the united states is never snowy during may , but it is never wonderful in winter .
paris is wet during october , but it is sometimes relaxing in summer .
you dislike oranges , limes , and lemons .
the peach is your least favorite fruit , but the lime is my least favorite .
he was driving that shiny black car .
paris is relaxing during february , but it is usually hot in january .
india is sometimes wonderful during december , but it is sometimes hot in may .
china is usually snowy during november , and it is usually dry in february .
paris is usually pleasant during october , and it is never wet in september .
he likes bananas , limes , and grapefruit .
california is sometimes cold during spring , and it is never dry in winter .
india is warm during march , and it is cold in fall .
india is busy during august , but it is never rainy in april .
you dislike oranges , lemons , and mangoes .
france is usually cold during april , but it is wet in may .
she was driving a little white automobile .
new jersey is usually hot during summer , but it is quiet in november .
california is never chilly during summer , but it is hot in winter .
china is usually cold during spring , but it is usually freezing in august .
china is never relaxing during october , and it is sometimes rainy in spring .
new jersey is usually freezing during july , and it is sometimes nice in april .
pears are your least liked fruit .
france is dry during december , but it is never quiet in april .
california is nice during february , and it is rainy in march .
the united states is usually chilly during march , and it is sometimes wet in january .
the united states is sometimes quiet during june , and it is never pleasant in july .
china is usually cold during may , but it is usually rainy in spring .
the lemon is her favorite fruit , but the apple is our favorite .
she disliked a rusty white truck .
india is quiet during april , and it is never warm in august .
the united states is mild during summer , but it is sometimes quiet in winter .
her least favorite fruit is the mango , but our least favorite is the pear .
france is never beautiful during may , but it is wonderful in october .
the united states is never pleasant during july , and it is rainy in august .
china is sometimes quiet during december , and it is never wet in october .
china is never mild during august , and it is usually busy in summer .
they like grapefruit , apples , and bananas .
their most loved fruit is the peach , but my most loved is the orange .
the united states is usually relaxing during november , and it is usually chilly in may .
the peach is our favorite fruit , but the grape is her favorite .
they are going to new jersey next fall .
california is warm during august , but it is nice in july .
france is never rainy during february , but it is never dry in august .
india is never nice during december , but it is usually hot in january .
her most feared animal was that lion .
california is sometimes snowy during august , and it is quiet in july .
his most feared animals are snakes .
the lemon is their most loved fruit , but the pear is our most loved .
the peach is my most loved fruit , but the pear is your most loved .
the united states is sometimes relaxing during march , and it is sometimes beautiful in september .
your least favorite fruit is the mango , but their least favorite is the peach .
the orange is my favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is our favorite .
india is busy during august , and it is freezing in february .
her most feared animal is that dog .
her least favorite animal is that lion .
they dislike mangoes , grapes , and peaches.
the united states is sometimes dry during winter , and it is quiet in autumn .
california is never wet during september , but it is usually chilly in november .
paris is sometimes mild during spring , and it is sometimes dry in winter .
my least liked fruit is the lemon , but his least liked is the apple .
the united states is never dry during june , but it is rainy in october .
california is never busy during autumn , but it is usually quiet in summer .
my favorite fruit is the apple , but his favorite is the grapefruit .
he dislikes limes , apples , and oranges .
he likes bananas , pears , and oranges .
his most loved fruit is the pear , but her most loved is the lemon .
the strawberry is your favorite fruit , but the orange is her favorite.
china is rainy during may , and it is sometimes relaxing in april .
he likes lemons , mangoes , and pears.
france is usually nice during april , but it is cold in spring .
their favorite fruit is the apple , but my favorite is the strawberry .
the mango is our favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is their favorite .
india is busy during september , but it is sometimes hot in february .
the united states is usually snowy during fall , but it is dry in september .
france is usually relaxing during september , and it is usually hot in august .
she saw the shiny yellow car .
you like strawberries , pears , and lemons .
china is never rainy during october , but it is sometimes freezing in february .
california is sometimes warm during december , and it is beautiful in august .
india is never mild during summer , and it is sometimes nice in february .
new jersey is hot during spring , but it is sometimes warm in april .
the strawberry is her favorite fruit , but the lemon is my favorite .
india is usually snowy during march , but it is usually cold in february .
the united states is usually snowy during december , but it is never wonderful in winter .
france is never busy during spring , and it is sometimes relaxing in fall .
my least liked fruit is the apple , but his least liked is the pear .
the grapefruit is her most loved fruit , but the apple is my most loved .
france is chilly during spring , and it is sometimes warm in september .
the orange is his favorite fruit , but the mango is their favorite .
he dislikes a little red truck .
he likes peaches , bananas , and lemons .
paris is sometimes freezing during january , and it is usually quiet in september .
we like grapes , strawberries , and grapefruit .
france is usually quiet during august , but it is usually freezing in fall .
he wants to go to california next december .
my most loved fruit is the banana , but their most loved is the orange .
the banana is their least liked fruit , but the strawberry is her least liked .
new jersey is usually nice during september , and it is quiet in july .
new jersey is mild during spring , but it is usually nice in january .
do you think translating between spanish and portuguese is easy ?
our most loved fruit is the grapefruit .
we dislike limes , grapes , and strawberries.
france is sometimes cold during april , but it is usually warm in january .
her favorite fruit is the grape , but their favorite is the mango.
india is never cold during august , and it is sometimes nice in summer .
france is sometimes rainy during september , but it is sometimes beautiful in june .
the banana is their least liked fruit , but the apple is his least liked .
he dislikes peaches , lemons , and strawberries .
france is sometimes nice during summer , but it is usually warm in autumn .
china is never chilly during september , and it is sometimes beautiful in april .
india is sometimes cold during autumn , and it is usually busy in december .
the united states is quiet during winter , but it is sometimes snowy in june .
paris is sometimes warm during march , but it is usually nice in august .
india is usually busy during december , but it is sometimes dry in january .
paris is usually wet during spring , but it is never cold in june .
the banana is her least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is his least liked .
india is usually nice during september , but it is never dry in may .
they are going to new jersey next autumn .
china is usually warm during autumn , and it is freezing in september .
my most loved fruit is the mango , but our most loved is the apple .
she likes oranges , strawberries , and lemons .
the strawberry is my favorite fruit , but the pear is his favorite .
india is never pleasant during autumn , and it is snowy in winter .
i like oranges , pears , and grapefruit .
the grapefruit is her least favorite fruit , but the banana is his least favorite .
my most loved fruit is the pear , but your most loved is the strawberry .
the mango is our favorite fruit .
california is never wet during may , and it is never mild in winter .
his least favorite fruit is the grape , but our least favorite is the lemon.
california is nice during february , but it is never beautiful in july .
india is wonderful during december , and it is never chilly in november .
my favorite fruit is the peach , but his favorite is the lime .
california is sometimes wet during december , but it is never cold in january .
india is pleasant during february , but it is sometimes freezing in spring .
she plans to visit new jersey next june .
he dislikes limes , mangoes , and oranges .
we like grapes , apples , and strawberries .
the united states is wet during june , and it is never hot in fall .
he thinks translating between english and french is easy .
california is pleasant during summer , but it is never freezing in november .
paris is wet during october , but it is sometimes snowy in april .
france is rainy during may , and it is usually beautiful in september .
paris is sometimes pleasant during spring , but it is never rainy in february .
california is freezing during september , and it is wonderful in fall .
india is chilly during july , but it is sometimes wet in winter .
he saw that new black truck .
she likes lemons , mangoes , and strawberries.
india is sometimes rainy during september , but it is usually chilly in june .
our most loved fruit is the pear , but their most loved is the strawberry .
the grape is my least liked fruit , but the peach is their least liked.
china is sometimes snowy during spring , but it is usually freezing in august .
the apple is my most loved fruit , but the lemon is their most loved .
paris is usually relaxing during march , but it is nice in may .
the grapefruit is her most loved fruit , but the peach is his most loved .
your least favorite fruit is the lime , but his least favorite is the orange .
his most loved fruit is the peach , but our most loved is the pear .
your most loved fruit is the peach , but his most loved is the apple .
he disliked that rusty yellow truck .
their least liked fruit is the banana , but my least liked is the orange .
he plans to visit the united states in january .
paris is sometimes chilly during september , and it is wet in december .
their favorite fruit is the lime , but your favorite is the mango .
china is usually mild during march , but it is sometimes freezing in september .
paris is sometimes freezing during november , but it is usually chilly in fall .
your most feared animal was that shark .
china is never freezing during february , and it is nice in september .
he likes limes , oranges , and lemons .
india is never wet during august , but it is chilly in november .
india is sometimes quiet during december , and it is sometimes wet in spring .
france is usually chilly during may , but it is relaxing in june .
her least liked fruit is the lime , but their least liked is the apple .
we like strawberries and pears .
california is usually busy during june , but it is sometimes quiet in december .
the grapefruit is her most loved fruit .
our least liked fruit is the peach , but my least liked is the lemon .
india is beautiful during august , and it is usually relaxing in june .
paris is sometimes freezing during february , but it is rainy in october .
new jersey is sometimes cold during september , and it is sometimes wet in november .
india is sometimes wet during november , and it is sometimes quiet in autumn .
paris is sometimes chilly during fall , but it is rainy in winter .
new jersey is nice during may , but it is relaxing in autumn .
california is warm during april , but it is sometimes relaxing in may .
paris is usually warm during summer , but it is sometimes beautiful in march .
paris is sometimes dry during september , but it is sometimes freezing in april .
paris is never wet during october , but it is never beautiful in february .
do you like the united states ?
paris is rainy during february , and it is hot in june .
the banana is your least favorite fruit , but the lemon is my least favorite .
the united states is never mild during february , but it is usually rainy in spring .
he likes apples , mangoes , and grapefruit .
he dislikes oranges , peaches , and grapes .
california is usually beautiful during april , but it is never chilly in december .
the united states is busy during july , and it is usually beautiful in december .
she dislikes limes , peaches , and lemons.
china is sometimes chilly during august , but it is usually wonderful in january .
france is usually wonderful during december , and it is cold in summer .
you dislike bananas , oranges , and apples .
new jersey is sometimes hot during september , and it is never dry in march .
france is cold during april , but it is usually pleasant in september .
the united states is never relaxing during spring , but it is sometimes beautiful in december .
she likes strawberries , grapefruit , and grapes .
new jersey is usually quiet during february , but it is usually relaxing in december .
we dislike grapefruit , apples , and pears .
california is never warm during august , and it is usually hot in october .
china is usually rainy during november , and it is warm in december .
california is never rainy during february , but it is usually busy in may .
france is never beautiful during summer , but it is usually snowy in january .
china is usually beautiful during april , but it is sometimes freezing in summer .
paris is hot during summer , and it is never quiet in autumn .
your least liked fruit is the peach , but our least liked is the strawberry .
new jersey is wonderful during fall , and it is sometimes pleasant in september .
they like peaches and lemons .
china is wet during november , but it is never snowy in january .
the united states is rainy during august , and it is sometimes wet in december .
the orange is your most loved fruit , but the apple is his most loved .
we like limes , peaches , and bananas.
india is never dry during november , and it is beautiful in summer .
california is sometimes beautiful during autumn , and it is sometimes rainy in september .
california is never snowy during spring , and it is usually cold in summer .
new jersey is sometimes cold during february , but it is usually mild in september .
the peach is your most loved fruit , but the grapefruit is our most loved .
would you like to go the eiffel tower ?
india is sometimes nice during may , and it is never pleasant in winter .
he likes limes , oranges , and mangoes .
new jersey is usually quiet during february , and it is sometimes wonderful in fall .
she likes that rusty green automobile .
i like peaches , pears , and apples .
france is sometimes freezing during fall , but it is never snowy in september .
their least favorite fruit is the pear , but his least favorite is the strawberry .
california is sometimes mild during may , and it is sometimes hot in december .
india is sometimes beautiful during may , but it is never warm in february .
the united states is never wet during summer , and it is sometimes busy in march .
i like grapefruit , lemons , and peaches .
the united states is sometimes wet during december , and it is sometimes wonderful in summer .
we like strawberries , limes , and mangoes .
new jersey is sometimes freezing during july , but it is never wet in february .
the united states is never pleasant during autumn , but it is never cold in december .
india is never quiet during april , and it is usually wet in march .
france is sometimes mild during february , but it is sometimes beautiful in fall .
she likes oranges , mangoes , and limes .
the united states is never hot during summer , and it is sometimes beautiful in november .
she is driving the rusty red car .
china is sometimes warm during spring , but it is never nice in fall .
new jersey is wet during august , and it is usually dry in summer .
china is sometimes nice during autumn , but it is usually rainy in april .
his least favorite fruit is the peach , but your least favorite is the banana .
france is never busy during autumn , and it is sometimes beautiful in may .
she dislikes mangoes , apples , and grapefruit.
china is busy during summer , and it is beautiful in january .
paris is sometimes pleasant during june , and it is usually wet in fall .
paris is mild during april , but it is usually snowy in autumn .
new jersey is sometimes warm during summer , but it is never beautiful in april .
india is rainy during winter , and it is sometimes warm in january .
we dislike lemons and limes .
china is sometimes wet during spring , but it is never relaxing in december .
our least liked fruit is the mango , but his least liked is the grape .
the pear is my most loved fruit , but the orange is your most loved .
the united states is sometimes rainy during april , and it is usually cold in summer .
the united states is sometimes mild during august , and it is usually warm in autumn .
california is rainy during december , but it is pleasant in october .
his least favorite animal was that elephant .
the strawberry is his most loved fruit , but the banana is her most loved .
new jersey is sometimes busy during winter , and it is nice in summer .
her favorite fruit is the grape , but my favorite is the peach.
the banana is our most loved fruit , but the mango is her most loved .
california is usually beautiful during march , and it is sometimes wonderful in february .
we dislike grapefruit and oranges .
china is never hot during october , and it is chilly in fall .
india is usually freezing during july , but it is usually warm in spring .
new jersey is dry during autumn , but it is rainy in summer .
his least favorite fruit is the grape , but their least favorite is the grapefruit.
california is sometimes pleasant during july , and it is never nice in spring .
the strawberry is our least liked fruit , but the mango is your least liked.
he disliked a old red truck .
his most feared animal is the bird .
paris is mild during september , but it is usually nice in june .
my least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but her least favorite is the lemon.
she likes a little red car .
the mango is my least liked fruit , but the grape is their least liked .
paris is usually dry during july , and it is never snowy in january .
he likes lemons , pears , and oranges.
the grapefruit is your favorite fruit , but the lime is their favorite .
new jersey is sometimes nice during september , but it is mild in february .
the lemon is our most loved fruit , but the pear is their most loved .
china is usually snowy during winter , and it is rainy in june .
india is never warm during december , and it is never relaxing in september .
california is freezing during autumn , and it is sometimes hot in january .
your least liked fruit is the peach , but my least liked is the grape .
the united states is never rainy during january , but it is never quiet in may .
china is never dry during summer , but it is sometimes chilly in may .
india is never dry during november , and it is sometimes chilly in summer .
india is sometimes busy during february , but it is never wet in fall .
they dislike pears , grapes , and limes .
the pear is my least liked fruit , but the lemon is our least liked .
lemons are your least liked fruit.
california is never wet during march , but it is never dry in summer .
france is quiet during winter , but it is hot in fall .
china is usually busy during september , but it is sometimes beautiful in october .
that lion was her favorite animal .
she likes that big blue truck .
she drove that little blue truck .
india is sometimes cold during august , and it is never beautiful in fall .
why didn't we go to paris ?
the united states is never mild during september , and it is sometimes cold in october .
china is sometimes freezing during march , but it is wonderful in may .
she dislikes grapefruit , peaches , and oranges .
france is chilly during august , and it is usually hot in april .
her least liked fruit is the lime , but my least liked is the grape .
paris is sometimes chilly during june , but it is sometimes busy in may .
india is usually relaxing during spring , and it is sometimes wonderful in february .
paris is sometimes beautiful during june , but it is sometimes chilly in january .
the united states is sometimes beautiful during december , and it is usually wonderful in autumn .
she is going to france next november .
california is wet during september , and it is sometimes quiet in winter .
new jersey is beautiful during spring , and it is never nice in october .
our most loved fruit is the lime , but his most loved is the orange.
i like limes , oranges , and peaches.
the pear is their least liked fruit , but the grape is my least liked .
you dislike grapes , limes , and lemons .
new jersey is never warm during february , but it is sometimes wet in october .
their most loved fruit is the peach , but his most loved is the banana .
the orange is her least favorite fruit , but the banana is my least favorite .
the united states is never quiet during winter , but it is never rainy in september .
california is sometimes hot during september , but it is sometimes cold in june .
we dislike lemons , bananas , and peaches .
she dislikes oranges , grapes , and mangoes .
new jersey is mild during october , but it is sometimes nice in march .
paris is never busy during autumn , but it is usually dry in february .
she likes big bananas .
paris is relaxing during spring , and it is usually pleasant in fall .
they dislike oranges , bananas , and pears .
new jersey is sometimes chilly during november , and it is never quiet in june .
china is never dry during summer , and it is rainy in july .
she is driving the little blue truck .
china is usually snowy during march , but it is usually wonderful in may .
he dislikes grapefruit , peaches , and oranges .
india is nice during december , and it is never busy in july .
paris is warm during july , but it is usually beautiful in fall .
she dislikes oranges , peaches , and strawberries .
california is warm during august , and it is mild in february .
the mango is her least favorite fruit , but the banana is my least favorite .
new jersey is hot during may , but it is never wonderful in march .
new jersey is usually quiet during january , and it is never hot in august .
france is never cold during spring , and it is snowy in fall .
new jersey is usually quiet during february , and it is sometimes rainy in january .
india is sometimes freezing during february , and it is sometimes snowy in winter .
california is usually wet during february , but it is never freezing in september .
india is never warm during december , and it is usually dry in august .
he likes grapes , lemons , and mangoes.
the lime is our favorite fruit , but the strawberry is her favorite.
paris is wet during august , and it is sometimes wonderful in may .
the united states is sometimes warm during june , and it is never mild in march .
i like limes , peaches , and grapes.
new jersey is never relaxing during december , and it is never chilly in july .
china is never dry during september , but it is nice in fall .
she dislikes limes , strawberries , and bananas.
india is usually freezing during june , and it is never wonderful in march .
new jersey is sometimes freezing during november , and it is never beautiful in fall .
i dislike pears , bananas , and grapes .
california is nice during october , but it is freezing in september .
the united states is pleasant during august , and it is never chilly in july .
france is sometimes nice during july , and it is never snowy in june .
new jersey is rainy during july , and it is never hot in january .
new jersey is rainy during april , but it is freezing in january .
their least liked fruit is the grape , but your least liked is the lemon .
the united states is wet during june , and it is never warm in fall .
the lime is her least favorite fruit , but the apple is your least favorite .
india is sometimes warm during winter , and it is sometimes rainy in march .
paris is sometimes warm during winter , but it is never relaxing in october .
paris is sometimes chilly during june , but it is sometimes freezing in april .
china is usually busy during may , and it is never cold in winter .
california is mild during summer , and it is never relaxing in winter .
would they like to go the eiffel tower ?
you dislike bananas , lemons , and peaches .
china is never rainy during autumn , but it is sometimes cold in april .
new jersey is usually beautiful during june , and it is dry in october .
india is sometimes wet during winter , and it is usually mild in september .
the grape is his least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is their least favorite.
the peach is her least favorite fruit , but the orange is your least favorite .
china is never pleasant during fall , but it is never rainy in april .
my least favorite fruit is the banana , but her least favorite is the mango .
india is never snowy during spring , but it is never beautiful in october .
new jersey is mild during fall , and it is chilly in january .
california is sometimes pleasant during september , and it is never warm in may .
india is nice during april , and it is never wonderful in january .
she dislikes grapes , mangoes , and limes .
she likes grapes and grapefruit .
india is sometimes quiet during october , and it is never cold in february .
he likes bananas and grapefruit .
she likes mangoes , pears , and oranges .
california is busy during august , and it is sometimes wonderful in april .
france is sometimes busy during november , and it is never snowy in fall .
her least liked fruit is the grapefruit , but his least liked is the peach .
california is usually wet during spring , and it is freezing in june .
she dislikes peaches , strawberries , and mangoes .
why aren't you going to france ?
she dislikes lemons , limes , and strawberries .
france is sometimes dry during may , and it is usually busy in june .
she likes bananas , grapes , and lemons .
he likes apples , strawberries , and grapefruit .
new jersey is never freezing during july , but it is usually relaxing in april .
india is sometimes nice during september , but it is usually wet in january .
france is hot during spring , but it is usually nice in autumn .
india is never quiet during spring , and it is nice in july .
your most loved fruit is the apple , but her most loved is the lemon .
california is sometimes warm during august , but it is never freezing in april .
france is usually nice during february , but it is relaxing in autumn .
your most feared animals were cats .
she drives that rusty green truck .
that rabbit is my least favorite animal .
california is sometimes freezing during march , but it is beautiful in august .
paris is wonderful during autumn , but it is relaxing in fall .
new jersey is never wet during december , and it is sometimes dry in spring .
our least favorite fruit is the banana , but their least favorite is the apple .
california is mild during may , and it is usually busy in winter .
california is wet during august .
he likes oranges , mangoes , and lemons .
new jersey is pleasant during october , but it is chilly in winter .
california is never mild during march , and it is sometimes wonderful in december .
our favorite fruit is the peach , but their favorite is the orange .
france is usually dry during summer , but it is never warm in fall .
his least favorite fruit is the apple , but our least favorite is the lemon .
paris is sometimes wonderful during summer , and it is sometimes hot in july .
the united states is wet during september , and it is freezing in december .
the lime is our least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is his least favorite.
the united states is never pleasant during february , and it is wet in july .
her most loved fruit is the strawberry , but your most loved is the lime .
new jersey is sometimes wonderful during april , but it is wet in october .
my most loved fruit is the peach , but his most loved is the lemon .
france is usually cold during february , but it is usually busy in november .
he likes strawberries and grapes .
france is never freezing during june , and it is never mild in march .
we plan to visit india next summer .
india is never chilly during january , but it is never cold in september .
our favorite fruit is the mango , but your favorite is the peach .
she dislikes grapes , limes , and lemons .
we like peaches , bananas , and strawberries .
california is sometimes beautiful during autumn , but it is never snowy in summer .
he dislikes strawberries , grapefruit , and oranges .
france is nice during summer , and it is never mild in january .
the mango is their least liked fruit , but the pear is our least liked .
india is sometimes quiet during october , but it is usually busy in june .
india is sometimes chilly during november , and it is sometimes relaxing in march .
their least favorite fruit is the banana , but my least favorite is the lime .
she liked a shiny white car .
china is never quiet during july , but it is never mild in spring .
paris is wonderful during fall , and it is usually pleasant in november .
the strawberry is your least liked fruit , but the lime is our least liked.
we dislike grapefruit , oranges , and strawberries .
france is usually beautiful during september , and it is usually quiet in november .
india is never rainy during spring , and it is usually nice in october .
they might go to paris next spring .
our favorite fruit is the apple , but their favorite is the grapefruit .
my least favorite fruit is the apple , but his least favorite is the pear .
china is sometimes dry during fall , and it is usually quiet in autumn .
i dislike limes , bananas , and peaches.
their least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but her least favorite is the orange.
your least favorite animals were rabbits .
his most loved fruit is the banana , but their most loved is the grape .
california is never beautiful during april , and it is dry in may .
his least liked fruit is the banana , but your least liked is the strawberry .
their least liked fruit is the pear , but her least liked is the mango .
new jersey is nice during january , but it is usually busy in winter .
the mango is your favorite fruit , but the apple is my favorite .
she liked a rusty yellow truck .
this snake was his most feared animal .
the lime is his most loved fruit , but the banana is their most loved .
france is sometimes nice during summer , and it is sometimes wet in spring .
the mango is his least liked fruit , but the lime is your least liked .
the apple is her most loved fruit , but the grape is their most loved .
california is usually cold during april , but it is hot in may .
he plans to visit the united states next november .
india is snowy during september , and it is usually chilly in spring .
the peach is her favorite fruit , but the lemon is your favorite .
their favorite fruit is the peach , but your favorite is the grape .
paris is dry during june , but it is usually relaxing in september .
france is sometimes busy during december , but it is never rainy in april .
the mango is her least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is your least liked .
new jersey is usually wet during september , and it is never wonderful in june .
china is usually pleasant during winter , and it is rainy in january .
california is sometimes freezing during july , but it is never busy in fall .
they like limes , bananas , and peaches.
india is never wonderful during april , and it is sometimes dry in winter .
new jersey is usually chilly during july , but it is usually beautiful in spring .
paris is never cold during january , and it is sometimes warm in july .
he dislikes oranges and peaches .
paris is never wonderful during march , but it is usually cold in june .
california is never relaxing during july , but it is quiet in may .
china is usually nice during fall , but it is usually quiet in october .
india is wet during february , but it is sometimes warm in spring .
california is usually chilly during october , and it is never pleasant in april .
that lion was your least favorite animal .
china is dry during february , and it is usually chilly in summer .
china is usually busy during march , but it is hot in october .
you dislike lemons , grapes , and pears .
india is wet during summer , and it is never hot in june .
her most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but our most loved is the peach .
california is never pleasant during august , but it is never nice in fall .
i like pears , strawberries , and peaches .
she likes grapefruit , bananas , and lemons .
india is usually beautiful during spring , but it is usually dry in january .
i dislike lemons , oranges , and bananas .
you dislike peaches , pears , and mangoes .
she wanted to go to india last august .
the pear is our most loved fruit , but the grapefruit is her most loved .
the united states is usually beautiful during july , and it is usually warm in october .
paris is sometimes relaxing during december , and it is sometimes rainy in may .
we dislike grapes , limes , and bananas .
the pear is our most loved fruit , but the peach is her most loved .
the united states is sometimes pleasant during winter , but it is sometimes dry in june .
our least favorite fruit is the orange , but my least favorite is the mango .
china is never busy during january , and it is never warm in march .
his least liked fruit is the lemon , but their least liked is the lime .
the orange is my most loved fruit , but the pear is your most loved .
california is beautiful during summer , and it is never quiet in november .
it's difficult to translate portuguese to chinese .
his favorite fruit is the orange , but her favorite is the pear .
he likes limes , grapes , and lemons .
our most loved fruit is the banana , but their most loved is the grape .
the orange is my most loved fruit , but the banana is your most loved .
the mango is his most loved fruit , but the pear is their most loved .
they like peaches , lemons , and grapes .
the grapefruit is my favorite fruit , but the apple is our favorite .
she disliked a new white car .
the united states is never wet during february , but it is never wonderful in may .
paris is never warm during january , but it is never nice in spring .
india is snowy during january , and it is usually rainy in may .
paris is usually cold during february , but it is sometimes relaxing in december .
new jersey is usually snowy during december , but it is usually busy in october .
the united states is freezing during march , but it is pleasant in summer .
she likes apples , mangoes , and pears .
new jersey is usually warm during summer , and it is hot in october .
california is never wet during september , but it is freezing in october .
his least favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but their least favorite is the peach.
she liked a new red automobile .
the mango is our least liked fruit , but the lemon is my least liked .
the lemon is their most loved fruit , but the banana is his most loved .
your favorite fruit is the peach , but his favorite is the grape .
her least liked fruit is the orange , but their least liked is the strawberry .
the united states is sometimes quiet during autumn , and it is rainy in fall .
the lemon is his favorite fruit , but the peach is her favorite .
their favorite fruit is the strawberry , but her favorite is the lemon.
california is pleasant during fall , but it is sometimes snowy in winter .
paris is never warm during winter , and it is never beautiful in january .
paris is sometimes mild during summer , but it is sometimes wonderful in january .
she drove a new red car .
the lemon is her most loved fruit , but the banana is your most loved .
china is snowy during april , but it is beautiful in december .
i dislike bananas , apples , and strawberries .
she dislikes that shiny black truck .
paris is sometimes rainy during april , but it is sometimes wonderful in may .
india is usually freezing during winter , and it is never dry in autumn .
your least favorite fruit is the apple , but our least favorite is the lime .
we like grapes , pears , and apples .
he likes grapes , lemons , and strawberries.
the united states is usually dry during summer , and it is rainy in fall .
the united states is wonderful during march , and it is sometimes wet in january .
the orange is our least favorite fruit , but the lime is my least favorite .
india is usually nice during may , and it is sometimes snowy in january .
new jersey is usually cold during december , and it is usually snowy in may .
china is never cold during july , and it is chilly in autumn .
the united states is busy during october , but it is rainy in march .
the united states is sometimes wonderful during june , but it is sometimes relaxing in autumn .
india is usually pleasant during april , but it is sometimes rainy in may .
new jersey is sometimes cold during autumn , and it is never warm in march .
new jersey is usually freezing during february , but it is sometimes rainy in august .
the orange is my favorite fruit .
india is sometimes busy during july , and it is sometimes quiet in june .
india is usually wonderful during april , and it is sometimes freezing in february .
the united states is mild during october , and it is rainy in spring .
the orange is her most loved fruit , but the grapefruit is his most loved .
california is hot during may , but it is usually beautiful in september .
the united states is usually wonderful during july , but it is never warm in march .
the lemon is my least favorite fruit , but the apple is her least favorite .
the united states is chilly during august , but it is usually pleasant in june .
he dislikes grapefruit , limes , and strawberries .
france is usually relaxing during spring , but it is snowy in january .
the grape is our least favorite fruit , but the apple is your least favorite .
our least favorite fruit is the apple , but my least favorite is the pear .
california is hot during march , but it is never quiet in fall .
they dislike bananas , grapes , and limes .
he likes pears , strawberries , and bananas .
china is never rainy during winter , but it is usually busy in may .
india is busy during december , and it is sometimes warm in summer .
his most feared animal is this bear .
the orange is our least liked fruit , but the mango is my least liked .
the united states is usually wonderful during may , and it is usually rainy in march .
your favorite fruit is the grape , but our favorite is the grapefruit .
paris is relaxing during march , but it is sometimes hot in february .
france is never pleasant during september , and it is quiet in october .
france is usually warm during fall , but it is wet in autumn .
her least liked fruit is the lemon , but their least liked is the apple .
she wanted to go to france last spring .
france is usually quiet during april , but it is usually cold in fall .
she saw the shiny red automobile .
new jersey is pleasant during july , and it is sometimes freezing in april .
the peach is your most loved fruit , but the lemon is our most loved .
he likes grapes , strawberries , and oranges.
new jersey is usually cold during november , but it is never warm in october .
the peach is her least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is my least favorite .
china is never pleasant during spring , and it is usually dry in july .
california is never dry during fall , but it is never wonderful in autumn .
how was your visit to china last autumn ?
china is sometimes chilly during may , but it is sometimes cold in spring .
india is never wet during autumn , and it is usually quiet in september .
india is usually busy during autumn , and it is usually cold in october .
france is never rainy during june , and it is sometimes nice in november .
paris is sometimes busy during december , and it is never mild in autumn .
china is never pleasant during spring , and it is sometimes hot in november .
the united states is chilly during february , and it is usually nice in fall .
she dislikes apples , pears , and limes .
china is never dry during september , but it is sometimes busy in july .
california is sometimes dry during march , but it is sometimes wet in fall .
the lime is our favorite fruit , but the banana is his favorite.
your most loved fruit is the banana , but their most loved is the mango .
paris is sometimes dry during fall , but it is usually nice in winter .
he likes bananas , peaches , and oranges .
paris is freezing during fall , and it is usually warm in june .
the united states is warm during november , and it is wet in fall .
new jersey is warm during october , and it is usually hot in april .
my favorite fruit is the lemon , but his favorite is the mango .
france is usually freezing during september , and it is usually snowy in november .
france is sometimes pleasant during fall , but it is usually cold in march .
you like pears , strawberries , and grapes .
france is hot during fall , but it is sometimes pleasant in february .
new jersey is never busy during april , but it is hot in december .
california is pleasant during august , but it is usually wonderful in july .
her least favorite fruit is the grape , but my least favorite is the banana.
she likes the rusty green car .
france is sometimes nice during august , but it is beautiful in july .
he dislikes lemons , grapefruit , and grapes.
china is usually beautiful during april , and it is usually hot in july .
paris is never hot during june , and it is never warm in may .
the united states is dry during february , but it is usually beautiful in september .
he dislikes grapefruit , pears , and strawberries .
the united states is sometimes dry during august , but it is never relaxing in june .
india is never chilly during january , and it is usually relaxing in december .
paris is quiet during june , and it is never chilly in february .
france is usually dry during winter , and it is never mild in july .
india is never beautiful during summer , but it is sometimes busy in november .
the united states is wet during autumn , but it is never rainy in fall .
france is sometimes hot during march , and it is usually cold in september .
the united states is never snowy during august , and it is usually nice in summer .
you like pears , grapefruit , and peaches .
the mango is her most loved fruit , but the peach is your most loved .
our least liked fruit is the pear , but my least liked is the lime .
they dislike mangoes , grapefruit , and strawberries.
china is wonderful during march , and it is sometimes dry in winter .
new jersey is usually hot during december , but it is usually mild in october .
your most loved fruit is the pear , but his most loved is the lemon .
he dislikes limes , pears , and grapefruit .
his most loved fruit is the strawberry , but their most loved is the mango .
she dislikes mangoes , oranges , and bananas.
paris is wonderful during august , and it is sometimes warm in april .
she drove that big green car .
she likes mangoes , peaches , and bananas .
paris is chilly during may , and it is sometimes snowy in november .
the peach is our least liked fruit , but the strawberry is their least liked .
california is relaxing during april , and it is sometimes quiet in summer .
the strawberry is my least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is our least favorite.
new jersey is relaxing during summer , and it is chilly in may .
you dislike apples , limes , and strawberries .
the united states is usually mild during summer , and it is never cold in january .
he dislikes strawberries , grapefruit , and pears .
their most loved fruit is the lime , but your most loved is the orange.
california is usually beautiful during spring , and it is usually chilly in august .
he plans to visit france in april .
their most loved fruit is the banana , but your most loved is the apple .
india is wet during december , and it is usually dry in january .
india is beautiful during august , and it is usually rainy in october .
she dislikes apples , pears , and grapefruit .
he dislikes apples , grapes , and bananas .
the orange is our least liked fruit , but the lemon is your least liked .
paris is sometimes hot during spring , but it is usually nice in october .
new jersey is sometimes chilly during october , and it is rainy in september .
france is freezing during october , but it is never wonderful in summer .
our least liked fruit is the pear , but your least liked is the grapefruit .
france is never relaxing during may , and it is usually nice in fall .
new jersey is never chilly during winter , and it is usually hot in september .
she drove a big black automobile .
i dislike peaches , mangoes , and pears .
china is usually pleasant during may , but it is usually snowy in january .
our least favorite fruit is the orange , but their least favorite is the grapefruit .
she dislikes limes , bananas , and pears.
the orange is my favorite fruit , but the grape is their favorite .
paris is never dry during spring , but it is chilly in january .
california is sometimes nice during january , and it is sometimes snowy in december .
new jersey is sometimes wet during autumn , and it is usually pleasant in december .
they like pears , oranges , and grapes .
the strawberry is your least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is our least favorite.
india is usually wet during winter , and it is usually beautiful in january .
new jersey is never wonderful during fall , but it is usually snowy in july .
new jersey is sometimes rainy during september , but it is wonderful in january .
paris is never pleasant during february , and it is wet in september .
they dislike pears , apples , and peaches .
they like grapes , mangoes , and bananas .
she dislikes apples , grapes , and mangoes .
india is never mild during may , and it is sometimes quiet in winter .
the apple is his most loved fruit , but the banana is my most loved .
the united states is sometimes warm during october , and it is dry in june .
she drove that rusty yellow car .
the united states is sometimes quiet during autumn , but it is relaxing in june .
the united states is sometimes wonderful during may , and it is sometimes nice in february .
the mango is your favorite fruit , but the banana is their favorite .
i dislike mangoes , lemons , and oranges.
paris is pleasant during february , and it is never wet in october .
california is usually cold during july , but it is never beautiful in march .
he likes apples , bananas , and lemons .
our favorite fruit is the peach , but his favorite is the lime .
the united states is pleasant during december , and it is rainy in winter .
he drove that shiny blue car .
france is pleasant during autumn , and it is nice in june .
the united states is never mild during autumn , but it is usually snowy in december .
france is sometimes quiet during fall , but it is never pleasant in july .
our most loved fruit is the pear , but his most loved is the grapefruit .
france is chilly during october , and it is usually wet in august .
india is never cold during october , and it is sometimes nice in summer .
new jersey is sometimes snowy during summer , and it is quiet in may .
california is chilly during december , and it is never dry in march .
she likes peaches , pears , and mangoes .
his least favorite fruit is the banana , but our least favorite is the grape .
my most feared animal was that monkey .
she dislikes grapefruit , pears , and limes .
paris is sometimes snowy during october , but it is sometimes rainy in november .
california is never pleasant during june , but it is never quiet in summer .
the peach is his least favorite fruit , but the lemon is her least favorite .
the peach is your most loved fruit , but the banana is their most loved .
the united states is hot during winter , and it is usually dry in spring .
they dislike grapes , bananas , and mangoes .
california is wonderful during december , but it is pleasant in february .
your least favorite fruit is the peach .
china is sometimes nice during june , and it is sometimes wet in august .
your most loved fruit is the lime , but her most loved is the pear .
their favorite fruit is the grape , but his favorite is the mango .
france is chilly during january , but it is never warm in april .
they are going to france next december .
india is usually quiet during april , and it is never wonderful in autumn .
paris is usually wonderful during december , and it is sometimes dry in october .
paris is never chilly during may , and it is pleasant in september .
your least favorite fruit is the lemon , but their least favorite is the grape .
your least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but our least favorite is the orange.
he drove the old yellow automobile .
his favorite animal is the rabbit .
they went to paris last october .
we like mangoes , grapefruit , and peaches.
the united states is wonderful during may , and it is usually rainy in fall .
france is usually busy during summer , but it is never rainy in june .
india is sometimes cold during april , and it is sometimes snowy in autumn .
india is usually chilly during october , but it is usually rainy in summer .
california is usually wonderful during july , and it is usually mild in october .
france is usually freezing during october , but it is busy in autumn .
paris is never relaxing during february , but it is never warm in november .
india is sometimes snowy during august , and it is sometimes nice in may .
her favorite fruit is the banana , but our favorite is the lime .
china is rainy during february , but it is wet in fall .
her least favorite fruit is the lime , but our least favorite is the apple .
india is never relaxing during may , but it is never freezing in october .
china is sometimes snowy during june , but it is never beautiful in spring .
the peach is his least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is her least favorite .
california is pleasant during september , but it is usually warm in july .
new jersey is sometimes relaxing during july , and it is usually cold in august .
new jersey is never warm during march , and it is usually hot in september .
china is usually rainy during october , but it is warm in september .
paris is never relaxing during winter , but it is sometimes wonderful in october .
france is usually snowy during july , but it is usually dry in autumn .
her favorite fruit is the lemon , but their favorite is the mango .
translating between portuguese and spanish is easy .
has she been to india ?
he thinks it's difficult to translate english to french .
new jersey is wonderful during january , but it is usually dry in august .
you like oranges and peaches .
india is sometimes snowy during june , and it is never wet in february .
california is wet during november , but it is usually nice in december .
the united states is never hot during december , but it is usually wet in january .
he likes grapes , apples , and strawberries.
they plan to visit paris next fall .
china is wet during spring , but it is never chilly in winter .
he might go to india next september .
india is usually dry during spring , but it is usually rainy in september .
she liked that shiny black automobile .
france is never dry during february , but it is usually quiet in may .
my least liked fruit is the apple , but his least liked is the strawberry .
you like grapefruit , mangoes , and strawberries .
my most loved fruit is the lime , but your most loved is the grape .
she was driving the old green car .
the united states is never wet during may , and it is sometimes dry in july .
the peach is your most loved fruit , but the strawberry is my most loved .
paris is wet during winter , and it is never quiet in fall .
paris is usually snowy during november , but it is never relaxing in august .
she dislikes apples , bananas , and mangoes .
new jersey is rainy during autumn , but it is freezing in december .
france is never relaxing during september , and it is sometimes pleasant in fall .
paris is sometimes mild during december , but it is never pleasant in november .
new jersey is rainy during winter , but it is usually beautiful in february .
france is mild during february , and it is sometimes pleasant in summer .
the apple is her least favorite fruit , but the pear is his least favorite .
when did she go to the grocery store ?
india is busy during winter , but it is usually wet in july .
france is wonderful during fall , but it is sometimes quiet in spring .
france is sometimes busy during summer , but it is quiet in august .
india is pleasant during february , and it is usually cold in may .
paris is chilly during fall , and it is sometimes wet in december .
they dislike oranges , grapes , and peaches .
france is usually freezing during october , and it is cold in august .
she is driving a rusty yellow truck .
he wanted to go to paris last july .
china is usually snowy during july , and it is sometimes wonderful in december .
we like lemons and strawberries .
paris is busy during fall , but it is hot in november .
france is usually snowy during january , and it is usually mild in autumn .
we like bananas , apples , and pears .
her most loved fruit is the lemon , but our most loved is the grape .
he drives the little yellow truck .
india is never relaxing during july , and it is sometimes busy in august .
paris is usually nice during january , but it is never relaxing in november .
our least liked fruit is the lemon , but her least liked is the pear .
the grapefruit is her least liked fruit , but the lime is our least liked .
india is usually relaxing during autumn , and it is usually rainy in spring .
he likes strawberries , grapefruit , and mangoes .
my favorite fruit is the orange , but their favorite is the mango .
the apple is my least liked fruit , but the grape is your least liked .
i like oranges and mangoes .
she dislikes grapefruit and limes .
she dislikes grapefruit , apples , and mangoes .
your most loved fruit is the apple , but his most loved is the pear .
that rabbit was your most feared animal .
she is driving that rusty white truck .
california is sometimes chilly during january , and it is usually wonderful in may .
california is warm during fall , and it is sometimes pleasant in spring .
california is never busy during fall , but it is hot in november .
california is relaxing during spring , and it is never mild in february .
the lime is their least favorite fruit , but the strawberry is her least favorite.
new jersey is rainy during may , and it is never wonderful in march .
your most loved fruit is the pear , but my most loved is the orange .
france is pleasant during july , and it is usually dry in april .
the banana is our most loved fruit , but the apple is his most loved .
my least liked fruit is the orange , but his least liked is the peach .
france is sometimes dry during winter , and it is usually relaxing in spring .
they plan to visit paris next september .
she likes grapes , oranges , and apples.
france is sometimes pleasant during fall , but it is warm in july .
china is wonderful during november , and it is quiet in winter .
she drove a old red automobile .
my most loved fruit is the lime , but her most loved is the orange .
my least liked fruit is the apple , but your least liked is the banana .
california is hot during june , and it is never beautiful in august .
india is usually rainy during spring , but it is never quiet in fall .
she likes peaches and strawberries .
i like lemons , apples , and bananas .
france is sometimes pleasant during september , but it is sometimes cold in february .
the grape is my favorite fruit , but the lemon is your favorite.
paris is dry during autumn , but it is never wet in november .
the peach is his least liked fruit , but the grape is your least liked .
i like lemons , peaches , and limes .
the united states is freezing during january , and it is warm in november .
the orange is my least liked fruit , but the mango is your least liked .
new jersey is never rainy during december , and it is quiet in july .
india is sometimes warm during september , but it is usually beautiful in winter .
india is rainy during january , but it is never snowy in march .
the mango is their favorite fruit , but the lime is her favorite .
i like limes , apples , and lemons.
their least liked fruit is the strawberry , but her least liked is the orange.
india is never rainy during august , and it is sometimes hot in march .
my least favorite fruit is the peach , but his least favorite is the lemon .
paris is never rainy during january , but it is usually chilly in august .
they dislike grapes , mangoes , and peaches .
california is never wonderful during may , and it is usually wet in march .
india is sometimes rainy during spring , and it is usually snowy in february .
my most loved animals were cats .
paris is wonderful during winter , but it is snowy in august .
india is sometimes snowy during autumn , but it is never pleasant in july .
california is sometimes wonderful during autumn , but it is never beautiful in spring .
india is cold during may , but it is sometimes warm in january .
india is mild during october , and it is sometimes warm in fall .
paris is never mild during august , but it is usually wet in july .
her least liked fruit is the apple , but my least liked is the grape .
she thinks it's easy to translate chinese to french .
china is sometimes cold during june , but it is hot in december .
india is usually wet during summer , and it is sometimes rainy in february .
paris is never warm during april , and it is never relaxing in winter .
california is never beautiful during march , but it is pleasant in september .
he disliked the little black truck .
the banana is her favorite fruit , but the lime is your favorite .
the pear is his most loved fruit , but the lemon is my most loved .
our most loved fruit is the lime , but your most loved is the peach.
california is usually nice during september , but it is never freezing in autumn .
paris is sometimes beautiful during summer , but it is usually pleasant in april .
china is sometimes wet during october , but it is sometimes warm in may .
the united states is usually beautiful during november , and it is never wet in february .
france is never nice during fall , but it is usually chilly in march .
he likes peaches , limes , and strawberries .
has he been to new jersey ?
france is sometimes busy during october , but it is usually freezing in february .
the peach is their favorite fruit , but the banana is our favorite .
paris is never wet during fall , and it is never wonderful in summer .
he dislikes apples and strawberries .
new jersey is sometimes busy during january , and it is usually wonderful in spring .
the apple is their least favorite fruit , but the lime is your least favorite .
china is sometimes freezing during june , and it is usually wonderful in february .
she dislikes limes , bananas , and grapes.
new jersey is dry during october , and it is never hot in spring .
the united states is usually beautiful during march , and it is never warm in july .
you like oranges , pears , and mangoes .
he dislikes apples and limes .
our favorite fruit is the apple , but your favorite is the pear .
the united states is sometimes cold during april , and it is wet in may .
new jersey is sometimes wet during february , and it is never dry in september .
california is sometimes wonderful during november , but it is sometimes beautiful in december .
the orange is her favorite fruit , but the pear is your favorite .
the united states is warm during may , and it is sometimes cold in november .
the united states is sometimes busy during june , and it is usually pleasant in autumn .
india is pleasant during october , and it is mild in march .
paris is beautiful during march , but it is usually hot in october .
paris is rainy during november , but it is sometimes wet in october .
she wanted to go to the united states last may .
the united states is never mild during september , and it is sometimes wet in summer .
they wanted to go to the united states last fall .
paris is usually snowy during may , and it is usually pleasant in january .
the banana is his least liked fruit , but the strawberry is your least liked .
your most feared animal is this horse .
the united states is usually rainy during september , and it is hot in winter .
california is never wonderful during august , but it is sometimes hot in spring .
she dislikes bananas , grapefruit , and peaches .
she thinks it is fun to translate between english and spanish .
you dislike apples , grapefruit , and pears .
his least favorite animal is that elephant .
she likes grapefruit , oranges , and grapes .
he is driving that little blue truck .
the grape is their least favorite fruit , but the strawberry is her least favorite .
the apple is our least favorite fruit , but the orange is his least favorite .
india is usually rainy during december , and it is sometimes mild in june .
new jersey is nice during december , but it is sometimes snowy in april .
the lime is their least favorite fruit , but the mango is his least favorite .
he dislikes pears , peaches , and lemons .
the united states is sometimes busy during march , and it is rainy in summer .
she dislikes pears , apples , and grapefruit .
his most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but her most loved is the orange.
france is sometimes relaxing during february , but it is sometimes chilly in summer .
the united states is never dry during april , and it is usually hot in autumn .
france is sometimes beautiful during december , but it is sometimes warm in may .
india is never wonderful during july , and it is mild in june .
paris is wonderful during june , but it is sometimes relaxing in fall .
his most feared animal is this dog .
you dislike grapes , pears , and apples .
she dislikes grapes , mangoes , and peaches .
she dislikes bananas , peaches , and pears .
new jersey is usually warm during february , but it is never busy in fall .
india is nice during fall , and it is never hot in autumn .
france is rainy during april , and it is sometimes freezing in october .
the grapefruit is your favorite fruit , but the apple is her favorite .
california is usually wonderful during june , and it is usually busy in august .
the orange is his least favorite fruit , but the lime is their least favorite .
paris is never chilly during july , but it is sometimes wonderful in january .
she likes lemons , peaches , and bananas.
i dislike lemons , bananas , and strawberries .
their most loved fruit is the grape , but your most loved is the apple .
her least liked fruit is the peach , but his least liked is the pear .
the united states is never freezing during february , but it is sometimes busy in october .
their least favorite fruit is the mango , but our least favorite is the strawberry .
paris is wet during september , but it is usually freezing in summer .
she drove a shiny yellow automobile .
he dislikes that old red automobile .
california is sometimes quiet during may , and it is wonderful in october .
he likes pears , grapefruit , and limes .
he likes grapes , grapefruit , and oranges.
i like bananas , grapefruit , and mangoes .
the united states is usually hot during april , and it is never cold in fall .
paris is dry during october , but it is never quiet in august .
she likes oranges , apples , and strawberries .
paris is hot during autumn , but it is usually beautiful in september .
we plan to visit new jersey in december .
california is never warm during autumn , and it is never beautiful in december .
paris is sometimes snowy during may , but it is usually mild in october .
he likes mangoes , oranges , and lemons .
india is usually warm during october , and it is never rainy in february .
france is sometimes dry during may , and it is never beautiful in june .
your least favorite animal is this lion .
china is never rainy during august , and it is usually wonderful in february .
california is usually chilly during june , and it is pleasant in autumn .
france is never dry during may , but it is usually wet in april .
the united states is sometimes relaxing during july , and it is usually cold in december .
paris is sometimes nice during april , but it is sometimes freezing in february .
our favorite fruit is the orange , but his favorite is the grape .
california is sometimes chilly during march , and it is never quiet in june .
france is mild during august , but it is sometimes chilly in winter .
i like grapes , peaches , and grapefruit .
the united states is sometimes relaxing during november , and it is sometimes chilly in fall .
california is never dry during spring , and it is sometimes wonderful in december .
she likes grapes , grapefruit , and mangoes .
california is sometimes relaxing during autumn , and it is usually hot in october .
paris is usually snowy during november , but it is wonderful in fall .
she likes mangoes and strawberries .
california is sometimes wonderful during july , and it is never dry in january .
india is never beautiful during december , but it is sometimes busy in july .
the grapefruit is his most loved fruit , but the peach is our most loved.
india is sometimes nice during autumn , but it is never rainy in may .
his least liked fruit is the banana , but their least liked is the pear .
she likes mangoes , grapefruit , and pears .
this monkey was your most feared animal .
they dislike grapes , apples , and bananas .
india is usually relaxing during summer , and it is chilly in fall .
california is usually freezing during spring , but it is usually busy in february .
paris is never snowy during november , but it is never nice in january .
she likes bananas , peaches , and grapefruit .
china is usually busy during fall , and it is usually mild in winter .
she likes big lemons.
france is dry during december , and it is usually cold in spring .
new jersey is sometimes snowy during july , but it is sometimes hot in december .
the orange is her most loved fruit , but the peach is his most loved .
the lime is his least favorite fruit , but the peach is her least favorite .
the apple is your most loved fruit , but the strawberry is her most loved .
paris is never wonderful during june , and it is beautiful in december .
the banana is her least favorite fruit , but the pear is your least favorite .
he dislikes lemons , oranges , and grapefruit.
you dislike bananas , oranges , and strawberries .
france is sometimes relaxing during winter , but it is wonderful in october .
we dislike pears , bananas , and oranges .
paris is usually busy during september , but it is never hot in january .
paris is never dry during autumn , but it is snowy in february .
new jersey is usually chilly during december , but it is never busy in spring .
she dislikes a old blue truck .
new jersey is sometimes warm during april , and it is usually busy in december .
i like lemons , grapefruit , and oranges .
they dislike mangoes , pears , and strawberries.
she likes strawberries , pears , and lemons .
her favorite fruit is the grape , but their favorite is the peach.
china is never freezing during july , but it is snowy in december .
paris is usually beautiful during february , and it is quiet in autumn .
he dislikes peaches , oranges , and mangoes .
the grape is her least liked fruit , but the mango is your least liked.
the grapefruit is their favorite fruit .
france is cold during march , but it is busy in spring .
paris is sometimes cold during may , but it is never beautiful in june .
she dislikes bananas , grapes , and oranges .
your least liked fruit is the banana , but our least liked is the grape .
she likes grapes , bananas , and apples.
new jersey is usually wet during april , but it is never pleasant in october .
china is sometimes nice during winter , but it is pleasant in autumn .
the lemon is her least liked fruit , but the apple is his least liked .
india is snowy during august , but it is never hot in december .
the united states is dry during august , and it is sometimes beautiful in april .
china is usually hot during may , but it is sometimes chilly in november .
new jersey is sometimes pleasant during october , but it is beautiful in summer .
california is usually busy during march , and it is sometimes dry in september .
he drives the shiny blue truck .
he dislikes a shiny red truck .
the united states is never mild during summer , and it is never wonderful in december .
india is sometimes hot during february , but it is chilly in december .
india is usually busy during fall , and it is usually chilly in february .
the peach is his least favorite fruit , but the lime is her least favorite .
india is sometimes cold during spring , and it is sometimes quiet in autumn .
my favorite fruit is the orange , but her favorite is the grapefruit .
he dislikes grapefruit , limes , and oranges .
i like oranges , lemons , and grapefruit .
california is freezing during autumn , and it is sometimes dry in march .
she dislikes grapes , strawberries , and oranges .
the united states is chilly during february , and it is wonderful in october .
her favorite fruit is the pear , but your favorite is the grape .
india is never pleasant during february , and it is busy in fall .
china is usually freezing during autumn , but it is never pleasant in june .
india is sometimes quiet during winter , but it is sometimes wet in summer .
i dislike bananas , apples , and grapefruit .
paris is freezing during fall , and it is never dry in spring .
she might go to new jersey next june .
the banana is his least liked fruit , but the orange is my least liked .
he was driving that big red automobile .
his most loved fruit is the lime , but our most loved is the apple .
new jersey is usually warm during december , and it is usually chilly in july .
we like mangoes and pears.
she plans to visit india in november .
paris is never beautiful during fall , and it is sometimes rainy in february .
she drives a new blue car .
france is sometimes beautiful during september , and it is never quiet in fall .
we like peaches , grapefruit , and strawberries .
the strawberry is my favorite fruit , but the apple is his favorite .
china is sometimes pleasant during october , and it is rainy in fall .
china is usually busy during june , but it is chilly in august .
new jersey is rainy during may , but it is usually warm in september .
paris is sometimes nice during august , and it is usually dry in summer .
california is never cold during june , but it is sometimes hot in april .
china is never quiet during spring , but it is sometimes dry in september .
paris is usually quiet during fall , but it is usually nice in summer .
france is usually dry during november , and it is usually nice in autumn .
i dislike grapes , apples , and peaches .
new jersey is sometimes snowy during april , and it is sometimes busy in september .
i dislike grapes , peaches , and limes .
new jersey is sometimes beautiful during december , but it is mild in april .
paris is sometimes snowy during february , and it is never pleasant in january .
new jersey is sometimes freezing during march , and it is busy in september .
your least favorite fruit is the pear , but their least favorite is the grapefruit .
the united states is never wet during summer , but it is quiet in june .
the grapefruit is their most loved fruit , but the banana is your most loved .
she thinks it's easy to translate chinese to english .
the united states is sometimes nice during november , and it is rainy in summer .
she likes grapefruit , peaches , and lemons .
france is sometimes snowy during autumn , and it is cold in fall .
paris is usually nice during autumn , and it is beautiful in january .
she dislikes apples and grapefruit .
he drove the new blue truck .
the united states is sometimes mild during march , and it is quiet in fall .
our least liked fruit is the mango , but their least liked is the lime .
our least favorite fruit is the peach , but their least favorite is the grapefruit .
new jersey is never beautiful during june , and it is never warm in october .
she dislikes apples , grapes , and peaches .
the apple is our least liked fruit , but the peach is his least liked .
he likes oranges , limes , and grapefruit .
their favorite fruit is the pear , but my favorite is the lemon .
new jersey is never mild during april , and it is never chilly in june .
paris is hot during september , and it is usually dry in october .
paris is warm during august , and it is usually mild in spring .
paris is snowy during august , and it is never beautiful in march .
paris is usually beautiful during march , and it is sometimes wonderful in april .
china is usually pleasant during december , but it is nice in autumn .
her most loved fruit is the lime , but our most loved is the strawberry .
the pear is her most loved fruit , but the orange is their most loved .
china is usually beautiful during september , and it is quiet in april .
paris is sometimes nice during april , but it is pleasant in fall .
california is quiet during winter , and it is never cold in october .
india is sometimes wet during autumn , and it is usually freezing in fall .
the united states is never snowy during may , but it is usually beautiful in june .
india is mild during december , but it is never pleasant in june .
china is busy during april , and it is sometimes chilly in august .
she thinks it's easy to translate english to french .
you dislike grapefruit , mangoes , and oranges .
france is sometimes beautiful during winter , and it is chilly in april .
california is sometimes warm during december , but it is rainy in may .
she liked that new green automobile .
the united states is usually freezing during spring , but it is sometimes hot in february .
the strawberry is our least favorite fruit , but the orange is their least favorite.
we dislike peaches , apples , and mangoes .
france is usually chilly during autumn , but it is never mild in july .
india is sometimes snowy during june , but it is usually busy in july .
india is never freezing during august , but it is usually snowy in january .
their least favorite fruit is the banana , but her least favorite is the grape .
china is sometimes cold during january , but it is sometimes rainy in march .
he dislikes lemons , apples , and limes.
china is sometimes beautiful during may , and it is never mild in summer .
india is sometimes rainy during fall , and it is wonderful in february .
the united states is usually nice during january , but it is never cold in march .
we like mangoes , strawberries , and grapefruit.
california is quiet during december , and it is never wonderful in august .
france is never wet during spring , and it is never snowy in september .
the united states is never chilly during january , but it is never hot in december .
my favorite animals are monkeys .
china is sometimes dry during september , and it is never hot in october .
we like apples , peaches , and limes .
new jersey is usually nice during may , but it is never relaxing in february .
he dislikes limes , mangoes , and strawberries .
france is sometimes wet during june , but it is never pleasant in autumn .
my most loved animal is the mouse .
california is usually nice during fall , but it is warm in autumn .
the united states is usually hot during may , and it is usually pleasant in spring .
the banana is his most loved fruit , but the grape is your most loved .
my least favorite fruit is the mango , but your least favorite is the lime .
california is never pleasant during october , but it is never quiet in august .
paris is usually wet during november , and it is usually mild in december .
china is usually snowy during october , but it is hot in december .
france is never chilly during september , but it is usually mild in winter .
they like strawberries , bananas , and mangoes .
the strawberry is her favorite fruit , but the apple is my favorite .
she dislikes that big yellow car .
the united states is usually chilly during fall , and it is busy in may .
they like lemons , pears , and bananas .
china is usually dry during august , but it is relaxing in january .
he dislikes pears , mangoes , and peaches .
she dislikes apples , limes , and bananas .
she likes oranges , lemons , and grapefruit .
that mouse is my least favorite animal .
the lemon is my least liked fruit , but the apple is her least liked .
paris is sometimes relaxing during march , and it is chilly in august .
the grape is our least favorite fruit , but the peach is my least favorite .
you dislike grapes , grapefruit , and pears .
paris is usually mild during summer , but it is hot in october .
new jersey is pleasant during autumn , and it is usually quiet in december .
his most feared animal was this monkey .
you like peaches , limes , and apples .
california is quiet during february , and it is relaxing in november .
new jersey is usually cold during march , but it is usually nice in summer .
france is sometimes mild during august , but it is dry in summer .
paris is snowy during november , but it is usually wet in fall .
she likes apples , oranges , and strawberries .
california is snowy during september , but it is never hot in june .
france is never nice during winter , and it is sometimes dry in january .
she dislikes a old red car .
paris is sometimes freezing during august , but it is usually wonderful in march .
she plans to visit the united states in february .
california is snowy during march , and it is sometimes quiet in fall .
their least favorite fruit is the peach , but your least favorite is the mango .
he dislikes lemons , bananas , and grapefruit.
china is relaxing during april , and it is wonderful in december .
the mango is his least favorite fruit , but the orange is our least favorite .
france is never hot during october , but it is sometimes quiet in january .
their least liked fruit is the pear , but his least liked is the apple .
india is usually freezing during may , and it is never mild in march .
why did you go to india ?
when is she going to california ?
he dislikes mangoes , grapefruit , and grapes .
new jersey is usually chilly during january , and it is never relaxing in may .
she likes grapefruit , bananas , and lemons .
they wanted to go to china last october .
new jersey is wet during july , and it is usually dry in august .
they like strawberries , peaches , and grapefruit .
he disliked that new red automobile .
she dislikes grapes , pears , and peaches .
new jersey is dry during january , but it is never chilly in fall .
california is usually busy during december , and it is freezing in november .
california is usually wet during december , and it is sometimes snowy in august .
they dislike grapefruit , peaches , and bananas .
california is mild during january , but it is chilly in spring .
he dislikes bananas , peaches , and grapefruit .
new jersey is usually chilly during january , and it is sometimes dry in summer .
china is sometimes nice during march , but it is never busy in june .
the lemon is her least liked fruit , but the pear is his least liked .
they plan to visit new jersey in september .
paris is freezing during december , and it is dry in august .
his least liked fruit is the grapefruit , but your least liked is the peach.
california is usually wet during september , but it is sometimes dry in october .
your favorite fruit is the mango , but our favorite is the grape .
new jersey is usually cold during autumn , but it is sometimes snowy in june .
the strawberry is their favorite fruit , but the banana is your favorite.
the united states is usually dry during march , and it is cold in summer .
the pear is his least favorite fruit , but the orange is my least favorite .
china is rainy during may , but it is usually beautiful in july .
this elephant is my least favorite animal .
paris is usually quiet during november , but it is wonderful in september .
new jersey is never busy during spring , and it is usually pleasant in august .
paris is usually quiet during february , and it is sometimes wet in september .
india is wet during spring , but it is sometimes mild in august .
her favorite fruit is the lime , but our favorite is the mango .
the united states is usually rainy during winter , and it is never dry in july .
she likes bananas , mangoes , and strawberries .
he likes limes , bananas , and oranges .
india is usually freezing during autumn , but it is nice in april .
he likes lemons , pears , and peaches.
new jersey is sometimes snowy during spring , but it is never beautiful in january .
he is going to new jersey next october .
california is never busy during september , but it is usually chilly in summer .
the grapefruit is our least favorite fruit , but the strawberry is their least favorite .
paris is sometimes beautiful during spring , and it is never chilly in july .
france is sometimes quiet during april , and it is beautiful in spring .
france is usually snowy during november , and it is usually dry in august .
california is never busy during june , but it is cold in spring .
he likes limes , mangoes , and peaches .
she dislikes oranges , apples , and grapes .
they like lemons , mangoes , and bananas .
the banana is my least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is his least favorite .
california is sometimes rainy during june , and it is never busy in summer .
the banana is our least favorite fruit , but the grape is their least favorite .
their most loved fruit is the banana , but our most loved is the grapefruit .
her least favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but their least favorite is the lime .
new jersey is usually quiet during october , but it is usually dry in spring .
they dislike grapefruit , grapes , and peaches .
china is cold during march , but it is usually rainy in summer .
china is usually wonderful during december , but it is quiet in may .
he likes pears , mangoes , and lemons .
france is usually warm during august , and it is busy in october .
you like pears , oranges , and bananas .
paris is never cold during winter , but it is sometimes rainy in june .
he dislikes pears , limes , and strawberries .
china is mild during february , and it is usually busy in winter .
she dislikes limes , bananas , and oranges.
india is never nice during november , but it is usually freezing in september .
new jersey is usually nice during spring , but it is usually wonderful in december .
she dislikes mangoes , grapes , and limes.
the orange is your favorite fruit , but the pear is our favorite .
the strawberry is my favorite fruit , but the apple is their favorite.
paris is usually rainy during february , and it is chilly in may .
new jersey is hot during autumn , but it is beautiful in april .
he dislikes apples , lemons , and grapefruit .
the united states is usually hot during may , and it is sometimes mild in april .
the strawberry is our least favorite fruit , but the mango is their least favorite.
new jersey is usually rainy during december , but it is never snowy in may .
california is sometimes warm during july , but it is sometimes quiet in september .
we like peaches , pears , and lemons .
our favorite fruit is the grape , but his favorite is the apple .
paris is chilly during autumn , but it is never warm in summer .
the united states is sometimes freezing during december , and it is dry in february .
my least favorite fruit is the mango , but their least favorite is the lime .
france is sometimes relaxing during july , and it is usually mild in january .
new jersey is sometimes busy during january , and it is never cold in april .
california is never pleasant during september , but it is sometimes busy in autumn .
california is never relaxing during october , and it is never chilly in december .
their favorite fruit is the grape , but your favorite is the mango .
france is snowy during december , but it is never wet in september .
the mango is their least liked fruit , but the pear is my least liked .
she likes apples , oranges , and bananas .
the bear was her most feared animal .
i like grapefruit , peaches , and oranges .
california is pleasant during fall , but it is wonderful in may .
i plan to visit california in march .
india is never pleasant during spring , but it is mild in august .
india is never hot during spring , but it is never wet in winter .
the united states is usually snowy during may , and it is usually nice in august .
their favorite fruit is the orange , but his favorite is the lime .
new jersey is usually cold during february , but it is wonderful in may .
the united states is rainy during february , and it is never wet in winter .
he drives a rusty blue truck .
the strawberry is our least favorite fruit , but the lemon is his least favorite.
paris is sometimes beautiful during winter , but it is usually pleasant in december .
india is usually mild during september , and it is beautiful in march .
paris is usually cold during june , but it is chilly in september .
france is sometimes relaxing during december , and it is usually rainy in spring .
california is sometimes relaxing during september , and it is sometimes freezing in spring .
new jersey is usually quiet during june , but it is sometimes pleasant in fall .
paris is never mild during fall , and it is sometimes cold in september .
his most feared animal is this snake .
france is sometimes quiet during august , and it is nice in september .
paris is usually pleasant during april , and it is never freezing in july .
paris is sometimes rainy during autumn , but it is relaxing in january .
the apple is my least liked fruit , but the strawberry is his least liked .
india is sometimes quiet during spring , but it is never wet in april .
the united states is never wet during february , but it is never wonderful in summer .
india is snowy during summer , and it is never pleasant in winter .
california is rainy during august , but it is never wonderful in november .
new jersey is snowy during july , but it is usually chilly in september .
she likes limes and bananas .
new jersey is relaxing during spring , and it is never wet in november .
new jersey is rainy during august , but it is pleasant in summer .
california is never wonderful during january , but it is sometimes chilly in autumn .
your least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but their least favorite is the apple.
paris is sometimes mild during november , and it is wet in july .
she likes apples , strawberries , and oranges .
the apple is his favorite fruit , but the banana is my favorite .
paris is never wet during autumn , but it is sometimes dry in september .
his favorite fruit is the lemon , but my favorite is the orange .
we like grapefruit , limes , and lemons .
new jersey is never beautiful during march , but it is sometimes hot in december .
the lime is our least favorite fruit , but the mango is their least favorite.
india is usually wet during fall , and it is pleasant in october .
india is sometimes freezing during june , and it is never relaxing in autumn .
california is never pleasant during august , but it is usually busy in june .
california is snowy during autumn , but it is never wonderful in summer .
he dislikes mangoes , apples , and lemons .
france is usually pleasant during july , and it is usually hot in winter .
the pear is my favorite fruit , but the orange is her favorite .
new jersey is sometimes wonderful during august , but it is sometimes mild in november .
he is driving the little yellow car .
paris is never wonderful during july , and it is never snowy in fall .
new jersey is sometimes nice during february , but it is usually wonderful in september .
california is usually cold during fall , and it is beautiful in december .
she likes lemons , grapes , and mangoes.
china is usually cold during fall , but it is never warm in winter .
china is sometimes freezing during april , but it is sometimes cold in winter .
they like oranges and grapes .
he was driving that big black car .
he likes oranges , grapefruit , and strawberries .
the united states is never quiet during april , but it is cold in january .
new jersey is never chilly during july , but it is nice in winter .
france is snowy during october , but it is never mild in june .
she dislikes lemons , mangoes , and strawberries .
new jersey is never busy during september , and it is mild in fall .
the united states is never quiet during february , and it is snowy in december .
he saw a rusty green truck .
you like mangoes , pears , and oranges.
she saw the big green car .
his least favorite fruit is the pear , but her least favorite is the grape .
france is usually snowy during fall , and it is usually rainy in march .
the united states is never mild during spring , but it is wonderful in january .
china is never nice during september , but it is never quiet in november .
new jersey is usually rainy during september , but it is usually cold in autumn .
china is sometimes wonderful during may , and it is sometimes snowy in spring .
india is dry during autumn , but it is sometimes beautiful in june .
our least liked fruit is the lime , but my least liked is the grape.
you like pears , grapefruit , and grapes .
india is never quiet during june , and it is usually freezing in march .
india is never nice during fall , and it is sometimes quiet in august .
i like grapefruit , pears , and mangoes .
the mango is his least favorite fruit , but the lime is her least favorite .
india is sometimes dry during december , but it is sometimes warm in spring .
california is sometimes nice during autumn , and it is beautiful in november .
france is hot during november , and it is sometimes cold in october .
the united states is usually snowy during october , and it is sometimes hot in april .
his least liked fruit is the lemon , but her least liked is the peach .
paris is sometimes warm during april , and it is never cold in spring .
the strawberry is his least liked fruit , but the grape is their least liked .
the strawberry is his least liked fruit , but the lemon is their least liked .
he dislikes pears , grapes , and limes .
new jersey is mild during june , and it is usually beautiful in april .
she likes apples .
the united states is never nice during fall , and it is sometimes chilly in june .
france is rainy during june , and it is sometimes snowy in february .
new jersey is never rainy during may , but it is sometimes quiet in july .
new jersey is usually freezing during summer , but it is usually beautiful in march .
paris is usually wet during january , but it is sometimes beautiful in june .
paris is never warm during november , but it is chilly in december .
france is sometimes wonderful during october , but it is sometimes chilly in february .
i dislike pears and bananas .
india is usually wet during fall , and it is hot in january .
france is usually wet during july , and it is chilly in august .
she is driving a new yellow truck .
they like apples , bananas , and oranges .
the united states is sometimes nice during march , but it is never warm in may .
china is usually beautiful during spring , but it is pleasant in august .
we like strawberries , peaches , and bananas .
india is never snowy during december , and it is sometimes cold in july .
he thinks it's easy to translate english to portuguese .
france is rainy during july , and it is mild in october .
the united states is never snowy during june , and it is sometimes cold in october .
china is sometimes dry during spring , but it is wonderful in july .
they like lemons , mangoes , and limes .
france is never warm during june , but it is never nice in november .
she dislikes lemons , bananas , and apples .
france is usually cold during may , and it is never chilly in october .
the united states is pleasant during january , and it is sometimes busy in june .
paris is sometimes mild during october , but it is never freezing in winter .
india is usually freezing during october , and it is sometimes warm in winter .
france is mild during spring , and it is usually pleasant in june .
paris is usually busy during summer , and it is chilly in december .
new jersey is sometimes warm during september , and it is sometimes hot in january .
the orange is his most loved fruit , but the peach is her most loved .
he dislikes lemons , apples , and oranges.
the united states is never dry during june , but it is busy in winter .
california is quiet during january , and it is usually mild in august .
she dislikes strawberries , bananas , and grapes .
china is wet during december , but it is beautiful in summer .
she drove that old white automobile .
the united states is usually wet during october , but it is never pleasant in fall .
the united states is never busy during september , but it is mild in december .
he is driving that rusty green automobile .
china is dry during summer , but it is quiet in september .
she dislikes oranges , mangoes , and limes .
i plan to visit california in september .
the lemon is your least favorite fruit , but the strawberry is his least favorite .
the united states is pleasant during winter , and it is usually rainy in november .
china is never wonderful during january , but it is usually rainy in spring .
paris is freezing during january , but it is usually beautiful in spring .
paris is never wet during march , but it is sometimes wonderful in autumn .
our favorite fruit is the orange , but their favorite is the pear .
the strawberry is his favorite fruit , but the orange is your favorite .
china is never snowy during september , but it is never warm in october .
france is usually nice during winter , but it is never cold in may .
new jersey is usually hot during spring , and it is freezing in november .
france is beautiful during fall , and it is never busy in march .
india is sometimes relaxing during autumn , but it is wet in january .
new jersey is quiet during july , but it is usually nice in december .
india is sometimes wet during september , and it is usually hot in june .
he dislikes mangoes , lemons , and bananas .
paris is never dry during january , and it is sometimes freezing in april .
the banana is their favorite fruit , but the lemon is his favorite .
china is never mild during fall , and it is never rainy in april .
they dislike bananas , grapes , and oranges .
india is sometimes snowy during autumn , and it is never hot in july .
his least liked fruit is the banana , but their least liked is the grape .
california is never mild during spring , but it is sometimes beautiful in september .
he dislikes that big black automobile .
india is never cold during september , and it is never warm in autumn .
my most feared animal is that horse .
california is sometimes freezing during spring , and it is never dry in november .
the orange is our most loved fruit , but the lime is my most loved .
the grapefruit is your favorite fruit , but the strawberry is their favorite .
china is wonderful during june , and it is sometimes beautiful in summer .
her most loved fruit is the grape , but their most loved is the banana.
france is relaxing during october , and it is sometimes snowy in january .
my least liked fruit is the grape , but her least liked is the apple.
the orange is my least favorite fruit , but the lime is your least favorite .
our favorite fruit is the orange , but his favorite is the lime .
oranges are their least favorite fruit .
france is never mild during may , but it is never hot in july .
india is cold during october , and it is usually freezing in january .
china is usually busy during winter , and it is sometimes rainy in october .
india is never wonderful during spring , but it is wet in december .
india is usually snowy during october , and it is rainy in summer .
the lime is my most loved fruit , but the grape is her most loved .
india is sometimes mild during september , and it is freezing in fall .
her favorite fruit is the peach , but my favorite is the grapefruit .
the mango is his least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is my least favorite .
the grapefruit is your least favorite fruit , but the mango is her least favorite .
india is relaxing during november , and it is sometimes freezing in spring .
paris is usually nice during fall , and it is pleasant in summer .
i like strawberries , limes , and grapefruit .
their least liked fruit is the peach , but his least liked is the orange .
india is sometimes mild during august , but it is never snowy in spring .
the united states is never cold during december , but it is usually wonderful in may .
china is sometimes wonderful during november , and it is sometimes hot in june .
new jersey is wonderful during winter , but it is nice in january .
china is never warm during june , and it is usually snowy in autumn .
california is busy during autumn , but it is sometimes relaxing in april .
her most loved fruit is the mango , but my most loved is the lime .
new jersey is snowy during march , but it is sometimes quiet in fall .
he dislikes mangoes , pears , and lemons .
her favorite fruit is the lime , but my favorite is the grape .
france is sometimes cold during may , and it is wet in spring .
india is snowy during october , and it is usually warm in january .
india is sometimes warm during june , and it is usually beautiful in spring .
california is never wet during january , and it is sometimes snowy in spring .
france is sometimes nice during june , but it is rainy in winter .
paris is usually quiet during august , and it is usually mild in march .
the mango is their most loved fruit , but the strawberry is my most loved .
paris is sometimes pleasant during october , but it is busy in fall .
paris is never busy during june , and it is warm in april .
france is never dry during september , and it is never pleasant in fall .
new jersey is sometimes quiet during november , and it is usually cold in april .
india is cold during august , and it is sometimes mild in october .
france is sometimes warm during january , and it is beautiful in september .
the strawberry is her least favorite fruit , but the apple is our least favorite .
new jersey is never busy during spring , and it is usually freezing in november .
the united states is sometimes rainy during spring , but it is never beautiful in march .
the lemon is his most loved fruit , but the grapefruit is your most loved .
the united states is never snowy during september , but it is usually rainy in february .
france is nice during february , and it is rainy in june .
california is beautiful during july , but it is usually quiet in october .
the united states is usually relaxing during fall , but it is never pleasant in october .
the united states is usually rainy during january , but it is never hot in august .
paris is cold during january , but it is hot in spring .
new jersey is mild during january , and it is usually chilly in march .
new jersey is never freezing during july , but it is sometimes dry in august .
the united states is sometimes hot during spring , but it is sometimes wet in september .
your least liked fruit is the grapefruit , but his least liked is the orange .
paris is never cold during february , and it is sometimes dry in may .
france is never hot during november , but it is usually snowy in october .
india is usually wet during winter , but it is usually freezing in october .
why aren't they going to the lake ?
california is hot during december , and it is never relaxing in october .
i like peaches , grapefruit , and oranges .
her least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but their least favorite is the apple .
i dislike strawberries , lemons , and grapes .
france is never mild during april , and it is usually beautiful in august .
france is never quiet during spring , but it is sometimes cold in fall .
china is sometimes wonderful during july , and it is usually mild in spring .
you dislike oranges , strawberries , and lemons .
china is never pleasant during march , but it is sometimes nice in december .
the lime is her favorite fruit , but the mango is their favorite .
my least liked fruit is the apple , but her least liked is the lemon .
france is never warm during winter , and it is sometimes nice in spring .
china is usually cold during spring , and it is never wet in winter .
china is never quiet during summer , and it is never hot in february .
the united states is sometimes busy during november , but it is never relaxing in winter .
you dislike apples and peaches .
he saw the shiny yellow car .
china is sometimes busy during december , but it is usually snowy in august .
she likes mangoes , peaches , and lemons .
you like grapefruit , limes , and oranges .
new jersey is quiet during october , but it is never rainy in march .
new jersey is never wet during october , but it is dry in january .
california is never chilly during december , but it is relaxing in august .
i dislike lemons , oranges , and mangoes .
paris is never nice during june , and it is never cold in autumn .
he dislikes lemons , oranges , and limes.
i dislike pears , strawberries , and apples .
paris is never nice during june , and it is chilly in fall .
india is quiet during spring , and it is hot in september .
the orange is her least liked fruit , but the strawberry is your least liked .
china is quiet during may , and it is never snowy in december .
california is sometimes warm during november , but it is sometimes busy in may .
the peach is their most loved fruit , but the pear is your most loved .
france is usually snowy during august , and it is sometimes mild in february .
his most feared animal was the rabbit .
new jersey is usually pleasant during july , and it is usually dry in autumn .
india is usually warm during june , but it is quiet in april .
your favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but my favorite is the mango .
she thinks it's difficult to translate english to french .
their least liked fruit is the strawberry , but her least liked is the grape.
the banana is his least liked fruit , but the lime is your least liked .
india is mild during january , but it is never relaxing in november .
her least favorite fruit is the peach , but his least favorite is the pear .
the banana is her favorite fruit , but the mango is your favorite .
california is sometimes pleasant during february , and it is sometimes quiet in may .
india is sometimes chilly during autumn , and it is sometimes pleasant in february .
california is usually nice during spring , and it is usually dry in autumn .
he plans to visit paris in march .
california is usually rainy during autumn , and it is usually wet in august .
the united states is never hot during winter , but it is chilly in may .
she dislikes mangoes , pears , and strawberries.
the mango is his least favorite fruit , but the banana is our least favorite .
she dislikes grapefruit , bananas , and oranges .
california is relaxing during august , and it is never quiet in october .
china is never busy during june , and it is never pleasant in may .
he saw that old green car .
india is never cold during july , but it is never chilly in june .
china is never snowy during autumn , and it is sometimes warm in may .
india is usually warm during october , and it is usually freezing in november .
he wanted to go to new jersey last november .
his least favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but our least favorite is the mango.
he dislikes apples , grapefruit , and mangoes .
paris is sometimes relaxing during october , and it is usually beautiful in august .
india is usually beautiful during august , but it is pleasant in january .
the united states is wonderful during july , and it is mild in august .
you like grapefruit , lemons , and peaches .
he was driving a big red automobile .
she wanted to go to california last may .
the united states is usually pleasant during september , but it is sometimes wonderful in january .
she likes bananas , grapes , and grapefruit .
paris is sometimes warm during spring , and it is sometimes relaxing in april .
his most loved fruit is the banana , but her most loved is the orange .
she is driving that rusty yellow car .
their favorite fruit is the grape , but her favorite is the strawberry .
the grapefruit is their favorite fruit , but the lime is her favorite .
paris is usually busy during august , but it is never quiet in september .
his least liked fruit is the lemon , but their least liked is the apple .
new jersey is usually rainy during summer , and it is warm in september .
he dislikes lemons , pears , and grapes.
the apple is her favorite fruit , but the pear is our favorite .
the united states is sometimes freezing during november , and it is dry in october .
california is chilly during winter , and it is usually hot in march .
she plans to visit the united states next may .
the united states is usually busy during fall , and it is never freezing in october .
france is sometimes mild during february , and it is busy in fall .
the united states is sometimes busy during january , and it is never chilly in september .
california is cold during october , but it is beautiful in winter .
the united states is hot during summer , and it is sometimes cold in spring .
california is hot during june , and it is usually dry in december .
india is usually busy during november , but it is mild in march .
paris is never hot during spring , and it is sometimes busy in april .
new jersey is never rainy during spring , but it is mild in february .
new jersey is usually wonderful during summer , but it is snowy in winter .
new jersey is sometimes warm during spring , and it is usually freezing in summer .
the lime is our least favorite fruit , but the grape is their least favorite.
india is never rainy during autumn , and it is snowy in february .
the united states is never relaxing during september , but it is snowy in summer .
california is sometimes warm during august , but it is usually wet in winter .
france is usually chilly during march , and it is sometimes nice in april .
he dislikes apples , lemons , and pears .
the pear is their least favorite fruit , but the banana is our least favorite .
china is never beautiful during february , but it is hot in june .
the dog is his least favorite animal .
india is usually freezing during march , but it is usually hot in january .
the united states is freezing during january , and it is usually snowy in fall .
she dislikes that shiny yellow truck .
the peach is their favorite fruit , but the lime is her favorite .
she dislikes mangoes , lemons , and apples.
france is freezing during december , and it is usually quiet in spring .
they went to new jersey last december .
new jersey is never chilly during august , and it is never nice in spring .
they like mangoes , grapefruit , and lemons.
paris is never nice during winter , and it is hot in april .
he dislikes limes , grapefruit , and apples .
she likes oranges , grapes , and pears .
the pear is their most loved fruit , but the grape is his most loved .
california is usually wet during march , and it is never quiet in june .
india is usually hot during february , and it is usually snowy in january .
he thinks it is fun to translate between chinese and english .
california is sometimes nice during june , but it is wonderful in spring .
new jersey is usually quiet during december , but it is dry in spring .
new jersey is never wonderful during autumn , and it is sometimes busy in winter .
paris is usually freezing during summer , and it is usually hot in fall .
my least favorite fruit is the grape , but your least favorite is the lime.
france is rainy during december , and it is sometimes freezing in march .
new jersey is never wet during spring , but it is sometimes busy in autumn .
he dislikes lemons , peaches , and strawberries.
california is sometimes quiet during december , but it is sometimes wonderful in summer .
the grapefruit is his least liked fruit , but the lime is your least liked.
she dislikes grapes , oranges , and mangoes .
california is busy during march , but it is sometimes quiet in november .
china is never hot during july , but it is sometimes rainy in may .
the united states is sometimes nice during august , and it is sometimes wonderful in november .
you dislike peaches , bananas , and grapes .
china is busy during december , and it is usually freezing in april .
new jersey is sometimes beautiful during april , and it is sometimes wonderful in october .
the banana is your favorite fruit , but the peach is my favorite .
new jersey is chilly during october , and it is sometimes dry in july .
we dislike oranges , strawberries , and limes .
france is usually rainy during october , and it is relaxing in spring .
he dislikes limes , pears , and mangoes .
china is sometimes rainy during january , but it is never warm in march .
the grape is your least favorite fruit , but the lime is their least favorite .
china is busy during summer , but it is never mild in april .
california is relaxing during august , but it is never wonderful in february .
france is sometimes rainy during january , but it is dry in february .
china is sometimes nice during summer , and it is sometimes dry in september .
france is sometimes nice during august , and it is usually pleasant in january .
the banana is his least liked fruit , but the mango is my least liked .
france is never snowy during winter , and it is cold in march .
the mango is my least liked fruit , but the grape is his least liked .
france is snowy during summer , but it is quiet in february .
we like strawberries , grapefruit , and bananas .
the united states is usually cold during april , but it is usually relaxing in winter .
you like oranges , peaches , and apples .
your favorite animal was the mouse .
your most loved fruit is the pear , but her most loved is the mango .
the apple is my least favorite fruit , but the lemon is her least favorite .
india is dry during december , and it is usually wonderful in winter .
california is sometimes beautiful during fall , but it is never wonderful in september .
new jersey is never cold during fall , and it is hot in november .
france is never mild during winter , and it is usually pleasant in spring .
california is sometimes cold during june , and it is sometimes hot in december .
she wants to go to new jersey next winter .
they dislike grapes , pears , and mangoes .
india is sometimes rainy during autumn , but it is wet in december .
california is hot during april , but it is mild in january .
france is never rainy during october , but it is usually wonderful in spring .
california is usually warm during autumn , but it is sometimes wonderful in september .
california is usually snowy during august , but it is usually rainy in winter .
china is never hot during october , but it is never relaxing in winter .
her favorite fruit is the pear , but my favorite is the banana .
china is sometimes nice during fall , and it is pleasant in june .
her favorite fruit is the banana , but my favorite is the grapefruit .
india is pleasant during july , but it is sometimes busy in august .
china is sometimes busy during spring , and it is snowy in summer .
paris is usually warm during april , but it is never chilly in autumn .
the united states is rainy during july , and it is never relaxing in march .
he might go to india next july .
new jersey is never nice during july , and it is usually warm in august .
france is usually chilly during june , and it is usually busy in february .
she dislikes mangoes , apples , and peaches.
the pear is our favorite fruit , but the orange is my favorite .
new jersey is sometimes hot during february , but it is beautiful in spring .
your most feared animals are dogs .
he dislikes grapefruit , apples , and bananas .
he drives the shiny blue automobile .
france is rainy during january , and it is usually dry in august .
india is quiet during january , but it is warm in june .
she dislikes limes , apples , and grapefruit.
california is usually wonderful during spring , and it is hot in september .
the lemon is your least favorite fruit , but the orange is our least favorite .
the united states is sometimes nice during february , and it is usually wet in march .
he likes peaches and oranges .
your most loved fruit is the mango , but her most loved is the pear .
she dislikes bananas , pears , and apples .
paris is relaxing during september , and it is usually snowy in november .
the united states is never mild during summer , and it is sometimes cold in spring .
the united states is freezing during spring , but it is never chilly in november .
she disliked the shiny black truck .
paris is sometimes mild during march , but it is sometimes wonderful in may .
you like pears and peaches .
our least liked fruit is the strawberry , but their least liked is the orange.
china is usually cold during autumn , and it is sometimes hot in june .
your least favorite animal is that snake .
i like pears , limes , and grapes .
france is never freezing during autumn , and it is usually quiet in august .
the strawberry is his least liked fruit , but the lime is our least liked .
the grape is his most loved fruit , but the apple is her most loved.
the peach is my favorite fruit , but the orange is their favorite .
france is sometimes hot during january , but it is usually pleasant in summer .
china is never chilly during autumn , and it is sometimes warm in october .
india is wonderful during spring , and it is never warm in march .
the banana is his least liked fruit , but the grape is my least liked .
china is never wonderful during fall , and it is never mild in august .
china is usually cold during august , but it is never nice in november .
she likes oranges , grapefruit , and peaches .
we dislike mangoes , grapes , and pears.
he thinks translating between portuguese and english is difficult .
her least liked fruit is the lime , but our least liked is the apple .
france is never dry during november , and it is never quiet in january .
california is usually wet during may , and it is sometimes freezing in november .
the apple is her most loved fruit , but the mango is their most loved .
she dislikes limes , apples , and peaches.
new jersey is mild during september , but it is never beautiful in february .
paris is usually dry during september , and it is relaxing in november .
he saw that rusty white automobile .
california is never busy during april , but it is never quiet in march .
her least liked fruit is the peach , but our least liked is the grapefruit .
california is never busy during winter , and it is sometimes relaxing in autumn .
china is dry during april , and it is mild in september .
our least favorite fruit is the apple , but my least favorite is the peach .
france is usually nice during september , and it is relaxing in april .
they dislike grapes , peaches , and strawberries .
paris is never snowy during may , but it is never chilly in february .
new jersey is usually pleasant during november , but it is usually rainy in june .
my least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but his least favorite is the lemon.
france is cold during summer , and it is never wonderful in october .
the banana is your least favorite fruit , but the mango is his least favorite .
new jersey is never quiet during winter , and it is rainy in september .
india is sometimes warm during september , and it is usually beautiful in march .
her favorite animal was that dog .
the united states is never busy during february , and it is sometimes relaxing in winter .
new jersey is usually relaxing during june , and it is sometimes wet in summer .
california is busy during november , and it is chilly in winter .
you like pears , oranges , and grapefruit .
china is sometimes hot during autumn , but it is never rainy in january .
the mango is my least liked fruit , but the strawberry is their least liked .
the united states is usually rainy during september , but it is usually wet in spring .
china is never hot during september , and it is never busy in fall .
she likes strawberries , limes , and apples .
their least liked fruit is the banana , but our least liked is the grapefruit .
new jersey is usually relaxing during april , and it is beautiful in winter .
the grape is his least favorite fruit , but the mango is her least favorite.
india is usually snowy during february , and it is hot in july .
he likes mangoes , pears , and lemons .
she dislikes lemons , limes , and pears .
new jersey is never warm during august , and it is never wonderful in summer .
india is pleasant during march , but it is never chilly in november .
new jersey is usually rainy during february , but it is sometimes quiet in april .
france is usually freezing during spring , and it is usually busy in october .
she liked that little yellow automobile .
she disliked a new red truck .
california is relaxing during january , but it is sometimes chilly in summer .
india is snowy during september , and it is usually chilly in february .
california is sometimes beautiful during june , but it is never freezing in november .
the pear is our least liked fruit , but the lemon is your least liked .
india is never busy during october , and it is sometimes hot in november .
she dislikes oranges , strawberries , and peaches .
paris is pleasant during april , and it is dry in winter .
she disliked that big red car .
i think it is difficult to translate between chinese and spanish .
new jersey is never chilly during february , but it is never beautiful in april .
california is never snowy during june , and it is never quiet in december .
the lime is your most loved fruit , but the apple is his most loved .
paris is never wet during autumn , but it is usually hot in october .
california is never wet during november , but it is usually freezing in july .
our most loved fruit is the apple , but her most loved is the strawberry .
china is never rainy during december , and it is sometimes snowy in winter .
the grapefruit is her favorite fruit , but the mango is his favorite .
our most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but her most loved is the grape .
my most loved animals were sharks .
france is usually beautiful during july , and it is pleasant in june .
new jersey is sometimes rainy during july , but it is never pleasant in may .
india is mild during july , and it is never warm in june .
new jersey is never freezing during autumn , but it is sometimes mild in november .
the united states is rainy during june , but it is never beautiful in august .
california is usually nice during june , and it is never dry in winter .
france is sometimes mild during november , and it is cold in february .
new jersey is usually quiet during autumn , but it is usually snowy in october .
new jersey is sometimes quiet during winter , and it is sometimes wonderful in june .
india is wonderful during october , and it is snowy in may .
he likes limes , peaches , and mangoes .
china is usually dry during december , but it is never freezing in july .
france is sometimes warm during may , and it is usually nice in spring .
california is sometimes snowy during october , and it is sometimes chilly in july .
your least liked fruit is the peach , but our least liked is the lemon .
paris is usually mild during july , and it is never busy in november .
the united states is usually freezing during june , and it is usually pleasant in september .
france is relaxing during august , and it is never dry in summer .
france is sometimes relaxing during august , but it is usually wonderful in march .
she dislikes mangoes , lemons , and grapefruit.
california is dry during summer , but it is sometimes nice in september .
new jersey is usually chilly during june , but it is wonderful in may .
he might go to india next january .
he drove that rusty green truck .
california is sometimes dry during spring , and it is never relaxing in december .
china is usually rainy during february , but it is beautiful in december .
her least liked fruit is the mango , but my least liked is the lime .
china is mild during august , but it is sometimes beautiful in summer .
he likes apples , lemons , and mangoes .
the united states is sometimes dry during january , and it is sometimes warm in may .
our least liked fruit is the banana , but their least liked is the grape .
china is never wonderful during september , and it is never dry in august .
california is never snowy during fall , but it is usually relaxing in summer .
california is usually nice during winter , but it is never pleasant in june .
india is mild during april , and it is chilly in march .
france is relaxing during october , and it is warm in april .
her most feared animal is this shark .
france is sometimes wonderful during autumn , but it is sometimes hot in february .
india is dry during fall , but it is usually chilly in june .
she dislikes that old white automobile .
the united states is pleasant during fall , and it is chilly in january .
the orange is your most loved fruit , but the lemon is our most loved .
paris is never relaxing during december , and it is never freezing in september .
he went to the united states last november .
new jersey is never quiet during february , but it is beautiful in november .
france is usually rainy during december , but it is never warm in may .
paris is rainy during spring , but it is nice in august .
he likes strawberries , limes , and lemons .
china is sometimes snowy during july , but it is wonderful in august .
we dislike oranges , pears , and grapefruit .
china is usually nice during november , and it is sometimes warm in winter .
i dislike peaches and grapes .
california is sometimes dry during fall , and it is sometimes nice in december .
china is never warm during august , and it is sometimes hot in march .
we dislike lemons and mangoes .
that lion is her favorite animal .
california is nice during august , but it is never snowy in winter .
india is usually relaxing during april , but it is cold in autumn .
my least favorite fruit is the apple , but their least favorite is the grape .
new jersey is chilly during december , and it is usually busy in november .
the lime is your least liked fruit , but the strawberry is their least liked .
the strawberry is her least favorite fruit , but the mango is our least favorite .
the orange is our least liked fruit , but the banana is his least liked .
she dislikes apples , grapefruit , and bananas .
china is sometimes snowy during march , but it is sometimes quiet in february .
paris is sometimes dry during fall , and it is usually hot in may .
india is relaxing during december , but it is never freezing in february .
paris is sometimes dry during winter , but it is warm in august .
china is usually nice during fall , and it is never wonderful in autumn .
he dislikes the little black car .
the united states is never relaxing during july , but it is usually busy in december .
you like grapefruit , oranges , and pears .
her most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but their most loved is the apple .
she dislikes peaches , bananas , and limes .
the united states is usually warm during november , and it is usually beautiful in winter .
the united states is never dry during november , but it is never wet in august .
california is usually wonderful during fall , but it is rainy in autumn .
paris is wonderful during may , and it is sometimes freezing in july .
china is sometimes dry during january , but it is sometimes warm in december .
the apple is his favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is her favorite .
france is sometimes dry during winter , and it is never snowy in february .
california is quiet during march , but it is never hot in january .
she dislikes oranges , lemons , and bananas .
china is sometimes snowy during summer , but it is dry in august .
i dislike pears , oranges , and peaches .
paris is hot during september , but it is dry in december .
the strawberry is your least liked fruit , but the lemon is her least liked.
france is wet during december , but it is usually quiet in spring .
she likes peaches , grapes , and lemons .
paris is quiet during february , but it is warm in december .
he dislikes strawberries , apples , and limes .
new jersey is usually wonderful during october , and it is usually warm in autumn .
he drives a shiny white truck .
her least favorite fruit is the apple , but your least favorite is the mango .
new jersey is sometimes warm during june , but it is sometimes snowy in winter .
new jersey is usually relaxing during august , and it is sometimes rainy in spring .
do you think translating between spanish and chinese is difficult ?
his least favorite animals are monkeys .
france is never freezing during summer , but it is usually beautiful in december .
france is usually relaxing during winter , and it is hot in spring .
france is warm during november , but it is usually cold in july .
paris is cold during spring , but it is sometimes quiet in autumn .
my least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but our least favorite is the grape.
new jersey is usually cold during winter , but it is sometimes warm in july .
the united states is sometimes freezing during december , but it is sometimes quiet in october .
india is chilly during autumn , but it is usually pleasant in march .
she likes oranges , grapefruit , and strawberries .
paris is never nice during december , and it is relaxing in august .
he disliked that rusty green truck .
the lime is her favorite fruit , but the grape is their favorite .
she likes peaches and limes .
my most loved fruit is the mango , but her most loved is the orange .
he dislikes mangoes , pears , and grapes .
she likes pears , apples , and oranges .
california is chilly during january , and it is sometimes relaxing in april .
we dislike bananas , mangoes , and oranges .
she dislikes lemons , mangoes , and pears .
the orange is his least favorite fruit , but the grape is their least favorite .
india is usually busy during july , but it is usually relaxing in february .
france is usually rainy during october , and it is sometimes cold in november .
china is sometimes pleasant during july , and it is nice in april .
she dislikes strawberries , limes , and lemons .
their most loved fruit is the banana , but our most loved is the pear .
california is sometimes pleasant during september , but it is sometimes nice in february .
india is sometimes freezing during july , and it is usually dry in summer .
the strawberry is my most loved fruit , but the mango is your most loved.
india is usually wet during july , and it is usually cold in may .
new jersey is sometimes pleasant during july , but it is never nice in november .
he drives that little white truck .
they like pears , peaches , and lemons .
china is never mild during may , and it is usually warm in july .
the grapefruit is your most loved fruit , but the lime is his most loved .
the grapefruit is my favorite fruit , but the grape is our favorite .
new jersey is rainy during december , and it is never beautiful in april .
india is never busy during spring , and it is never mild in winter .
he dislikes mangoes and limes .
paris is dry during summer , and it is wet in autumn .
the peach is our favorite fruit , but the orange is my favorite .
the mango is your most loved fruit , but the pear is our most loved .
india is wonderful during july , and it is sometimes rainy in february .
they like lemons , strawberries , and apples .
california is warm during june , but it is never cold in summer .
the pear is her favorite fruit , but the peach is your favorite .
the united states is beautiful during fall , but it is sometimes dry in september .
france is sometimes wet during september , but it is sometimes relaxing in spring .
california is chilly during march , and it is mild in december .
paris is never nice during august , and it is never relaxing in july .
new jersey is wonderful during winter , but it is usually hot in may .
india is snowy during september , and it is never busy in fall .
our most loved fruit is the strawberry , but my most loved is the pear.
your least liked fruit is the lime , but their least liked is the orange .
the lime is his favorite fruit , but the grape is my favorite .
france is usually rainy during august , but it is never wet in may .
the grape is your favorite fruit , but the lime is his favorite.
the lime is your favorite fruit , but the mango is my favorite .
new jersey is rainy during summer , and it is never hot in march .
we plan to visit the united states next november .
paris is usually dry during summer , and it is snowy in march .
the united states is sometimes rainy during fall , and it is usually wet in spring .
paris is usually dry during autumn , and it is never warm in june .
she plans to visit paris next november .
india is sometimes chilly during july , but it is sometimes warm in september .
the mango is your least favorite fruit , but the grape is her least favorite .
the lemon is his most loved fruit , but the lime is our most loved .
the lime is our least favorite fruit , but the peach is their least favorite.
he dislikes a rusty green automobile .
the strawberry is her most loved fruit , but the mango is their most loved .
india is sometimes hot during june , but it is never chilly in august .
she dislikes the new green automobile .
she drives that old white car .
he drives the shiny yellow car .
she dislikes bananas , apples , and grapefruit .
china is sometimes rainy during march , but it is never relaxing in june .
china is usually quiet during summer , and it is never mild in fall .
china is usually mild during september , but it is never warm in april .
he likes grapes and bananas.
paris is usually chilly during july , but it is usually wet in october .
the mango is our least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is your least liked .
the lemon is your least liked fruit , but the apple is my least liked .
they dislike pears , grapes , and apples .
their most loved fruit is the strawberry , but her most loved is the lemon.
france is usually nice during march , but it is sometimes freezing in january .
new jersey is usually warm during autumn , and it is sometimes pleasant in august .
india is never beautiful during winter , but it is never pleasant in may .
he likes bananas , peaches , and grapes .
france is sometimes cold during fall , and it is never beautiful in october .
france is never warm during january , and it is usually wonderful in june .
she went to the united states last winter .
india is never mild during november , but it is never pleasant in march .
france is usually dry during may , and it is quiet in september .
she likes grapes , peaches , and lemons.
paris is sometimes pleasant during may , but it is sometimes hot in december .
he dislikes peaches , bananas , and grapes .
he was driving the new black car .
my least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but your least favorite is the mango.
paris is sometimes pleasant during autumn , and it is freezing in june .
the strawberry is their least favorite fruit , but the pear is my least favorite.
she thinks it is easy to translate between spanish and english .
sharks were his favorite animals .
paris is never beautiful during august , and it is dry in fall .
the grape is your favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is our favorite .
china is never chilly during autumn , but it is never rainy in january .
new jersey is rainy during march , but it is sometimes quiet in april .
paris is never hot during december , and it is usually wonderful in april .
the united states is never dry during summer , and it is nice in april .
paris is never rainy during fall , and it is never wet in autumn .
paris is never wonderful during autumn , and it is never relaxing in march .
the lion was her most feared animal .
you like apples , mangoes , and oranges .
your least favorite fruit is the mango , but my least favorite is the banana .
the united states is cold during june , and it is nice in january .
your least favorite fruit is the peach , but her least favorite is the lime .
the united states is usually chilly during august , and it is sometimes wet in january .
our favorite fruit is the strawberry , but her favorite is the peach.
i dislike grapes , apples , and grapefruit .
india is never pleasant during march , but it is never nice in april .
the united states is sometimes nice during june , and it is never freezing in summer .
he dislikes grapefruit , limes , and mangoes .
her most loved animal was the mouse .
the apple is our favorite fruit , but the banana is their favorite .
india is never relaxing during fall , but it is never dry in winter .
france is pleasant during spring , and it is usually snowy in summer .
china is never freezing during august , and it is warm in april .
you dislike peaches , strawberries , and mangoes .
france is usually busy during may , and it is never dry in january .
california is sometimes pleasant during november , but it is usually cold in winter .
india is usually rainy during spring , and it is usually mild in june .
he dislikes that shiny red car .
the strawberry is your least favorite fruit , but the grape is my least favorite.
new jersey is usually snowy during october , and it is sometimes rainy in march .
india is usually nice during april , but it is dry in october .
china is never beautiful during june , but it is sometimes chilly in august .
paris is sometimes hot during december , but it is never pleasant in spring .
the mango is my favorite fruit , but the strawberry is her favorite .
china is cold during may , but it is sometimes beautiful in october .
china is sometimes dry during july , and it is sometimes freezing in september .
the lemon is my least favorite fruit , but the lime is your least favorite .
she likes a little blue truck .
paris is usually hot during winter , but it is sometimes rainy in july .
china is usually relaxing during may , but it is usually pleasant in spring .
the united states is usually wonderful during autumn , but it is never quiet in summer .
she drove a rusty white car .
he dislikes grapefruit , strawberries , and mangoes .
she drives the old green car .
the united states is usually relaxing during may , and it is freezing in winter .
our most loved fruit is the peach , but my most loved is the lemon .
india is sometimes wonderful during august , and it is quiet in october .
new jersey is usually nice during summer , and it is never mild in november .
the orange is our favorite fruit , but the apple is your favorite .
he likes grapes , bananas , and strawberries.
the united states is sometimes rainy during may , and it is relaxing in march .
paris is usually dry during october , but it is sometimes wonderful in december .
our favorite fruit is the mango , but his favorite is the lime .
they dislike grapefruit , pears , and mangoes .
india is beautiful during february , and it is sometimes relaxing in january .
we like bananas and mangoes .
the apple is my least liked fruit , but the lime is her least liked .
china is sometimes pleasant during november , but it is cold in spring .
i dislike strawberries , lemons , and mangoes .
new jersey is freezing during june , but it is usually nice in winter .
new jersey is usually cold during november , but it is busy in may .
paris is never cold during august , and it is never freezing in february .
his least liked fruit is the pear , but your least liked is the banana .
the strawberry is her favorite fruit , but the orange is our favorite .
the strawberry is their most loved fruit , but the orange is our most loved.
my most loved fruit is the apple , but their most loved is the grapefruit .
india is sometimes nice during may , and it is never pleasant in january .
he dislikes strawberries and lemons .
she likes grapes , bananas , and grapefruit.
the united states is never nice during july , and it is never warm in december .
the strawberry is your favorite fruit , but the lime is his favorite.
he likes bananas , grapefruit , and pears .
china is never cold during march , and it is never wonderful in autumn .
the lime is her favorite fruit , but the mango is your favorite .
new jersey is usually chilly during march , and it is sometimes warm in september .
paris is usually hot during august , but it is quiet in july .
new jersey is beautiful during june , but it is busy in march .
new jersey is beautiful during autumn , and it is mild in march .
he dislikes the old red car .
china is never cold during winter , but it is sometimes wet in march .
the peach is her favorite fruit , but the orange is their favorite .
china is never pleasant during october , but it is sometimes warm in spring .
the mango is his least favorite fruit , but the orange is their least favorite .
california is sometimes beautiful during may , and it is usually mild in june .
the united states is never relaxing during november , and it is wet in winter .
he dislikes grapefruit , mangoes , and strawberries .
new jersey is hot during fall , and it is cold in march .
the united states is never cold during december , but it is sometimes freezing in september .
the united states is sometimes relaxing during fall , and it is wonderful in november .
france is never wet during march , and it is never quiet in july .
the pear is our favorite fruit , but the lemon is their favorite .
the united states is usually wet during may , and it is usually warm in april .
france is sometimes chilly during summer , and it is usually quiet in winter .
france is never beautiful during february , and it is sometimes snowy in autumn .
new jersey is usually wet during december , but it is never chilly in october .
the apple is our least liked fruit , but the orange is my least liked .
new jersey is beautiful during july , but it is mild in autumn .
california is nice during june , but it is snowy in december .
paris is sometimes pleasant during december , but it is snowy in spring .
did she go to the lake ?
she dislikes oranges , limes , and grapefruit .
india is usually cold during june , and it is freezing in spring .
france is relaxing during winter , and it is never quiet in april .
new jersey is never chilly during autumn , and it is usually beautiful in september .
paris is sometimes quiet during autumn , but it is sometimes wet in summer .
her most loved fruit is the strawberry , but my most loved is the banana .
my least favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but her least favorite is the peach .
the cat was her least favorite animal .
the united states is sometimes snowy during december , but it is usually pleasant in november .
california is sometimes hot during february , and it is never warm in april .
your least favorite fruit is the mango , but our least favorite is the grapefruit .
i dislike pears , limes , and oranges .
india is sometimes wonderful during autumn , and it is never rainy in september .
the pear is your least favorite fruit , but the banana is her least favorite .
we dislike oranges , strawberries , and pears .
the united states is never rainy during august , but it is sometimes wonderful in summer .
our least favorite fruit is the grape , but her least favorite is the lemon .
india is never mild during march , but it is never cold in winter .
their favorite fruit is the lemon , but her favorite is the orange .
he dislikes a new green automobile .
the peach is his least liked fruit , but the pear is my least liked .
new jersey is usually relaxing during may , and it is usually dry in summer .
france is never rainy during november , and it is never warm in autumn .
france is never quiet during july , and it is usually freezing in winter .
india is usually dry during april , and it is usually beautiful in july .
france is beautiful during march , and it is sometimes warm in september .
paris is never beautiful during winter , but it is usually freezing in november .
paris is never hot during february , but it is usually chilly in spring .
china is rainy during january , but it is warm in july .
paris is sometimes snowy during february , and it is sometimes dry in june .
france is never busy during summer , but it is dry in fall .
why didn't she go to the football field ?
china is warm during may , but it is sometimes snowy in october .
the lime is his least favorite fruit , but the lemon is her least favorite .
the united states is sometimes cold during february , and it is pleasant in march .
china is never dry during april , and it is never freezing in june .
the mango is our least liked fruit , but the lime is your least liked .
the lemon is her most loved fruit , but the apple is my most loved .
my most loved fruit is the strawberry , but her most loved is the lime.
new jersey is usually mild during spring , and it is usually beautiful in fall .
california is usually pleasant during may , and it is rainy in november .
her least favorite animal was that shark .
our least liked fruit is the lime , but his least liked is the orange.
california is never chilly during spring , but it is usually dry in fall .
china is never rainy during may , and it is pleasant in october .
she likes grapefruit , bananas , and pears .
the orange is your favorite fruit , but the pear is their favorite .
california is beautiful during spring , and it is usually freezing in may .
new jersey is never cold during december , but it is never beautiful in february .
the united states is usually busy during december , and it is beautiful in november .
china is sometimes relaxing during winter , and it is sometimes cold in autumn .
india is sometimes freezing during october , and it is sometimes wet in winter .
china is usually wet during june , and it is usually mild in october .
the united states is sometimes chilly during april , and it is relaxing in spring .
he wanted to go to new jersey last february .
she dislikes grapefruit , peaches , and strawberries .
california is never freezing during october , but it is never rainy in fall .
california is never hot during august , and it is usually freezing in january .
france is sometimes busy during june , but it is wet in summer .
paris is wet during summer , but it is never busy in january .
california is pleasant during march , but it is never relaxing in may .
i dislike strawberries , lemons , and oranges .
paris is sometimes beautiful during may , but it is sometimes snowy in september .
she was driving the new black truck .
she drives a big green truck .
the united states is sometimes mild during november , and it is wonderful in march .
you dislike grapefruit , peaches , and limes .
paris is warm during october , and it is usually freezing in may .
france is wonderful during spring , and it is freezing in september .
california is sometimes chilly during august , but it is warm in march .
india is never wet during march , but it is never beautiful in june .
france is sometimes freezing during june , and it is usually relaxing in january .
india is never cold during september , but it is never chilly in april .
her most loved fruit is the mango , but their most loved is the grape .
california is sometimes nice during january , but it is snowy in september .
france is usually mild during autumn , and it is usually wet in october .
she likes mangoes , peaches , and limes .
india is beautiful during autumn , but it is wonderful in winter .
the united states is beautiful during april , and it is usually rainy in december .
he likes bananas , peaches , and grapes .
california is sometimes nice during may , but it is never warm in january .
the united states is sometimes wonderful during september , and it is warm in december .
he likes apples , strawberries , and pears .
we like grapefruit , lemons , and strawberries .
you like apples and strawberries .
california is never rainy during winter , and it is wonderful in june .
we plan to visit paris in november .
she dislikes oranges , limes , and strawberries .
she likes oranges , limes , and strawberries .
we dislike oranges , grapefruit , and mangoes .
france is warm during may , and it is nice in march .
she dislikes mangoes , lemons , and peaches.
the united states is usually mild during december , but it is dry in may .
india is sometimes wet during august , and it is never mild in september .
india is sometimes rainy during spring , but it is beautiful in july .
her least favorite fruit is the lemon , but my least favorite is the strawberry .
the united states is usually cold during may , and it is sometimes warm in spring .
she went to china last summer .
his least liked fruit is the grapefruit , but their least liked is the lemon.
new jersey is sometimes hot during june , and it is usually beautiful in summer .
i dislike lemons , peaches , and grapefruit .
new jersey is wet during march , but it is usually rainy in fall .
he dislikes peaches , lemons , and apples .
the grape is my most loved fruit , but the lime is your most loved.
paris is never warm during fall , and it is sometimes cold in march .
india is usually warm during february , and it is sometimes nice in august .
paris is never chilly during march , and it is usually nice in january .
india is never cold during november , but it is sometimes busy in summer .
france is usually mild during march , and it is usually nice in fall .
they dislike mangoes , grapes , and lemons.
the united states is sometimes wonderful during september , but it is sometimes relaxing in october .
california is usually nice during summer , but it is usually hot in winter .
your favorite fruit is the strawberry , but their favorite is the lemon.
he likes strawberries , mangoes , and peaches .
she likes lemons , mangoes , and peaches.
the united states is sometimes pleasant during september , and it is usually warm in july .
new jersey is never nice during autumn , and it is usually hot in october .
india is usually hot during june , and it is never wonderful in july .
their favorite fruit is the apple , but his favorite is the lime .
california is usually chilly during august , and it is wonderful in september .
you dislike strawberries and peaches .
the united states is sometimes beautiful during june , but it is usually busy in autumn .
their least liked fruit is the mango , but our least liked is the pear .
the lime is our least favorite fruit , but the banana is her least favorite.
india is sometimes quiet during march , but it is sometimes warm in fall .
the united states is sometimes dry during autumn , and it is usually busy in november .
he wants to go to the united states next spring .
new jersey is usually pleasant during august , but it is sometimes cold in january .
the united states is never hot during fall , and it is never dry in september .
new jersey is beautiful during fall , but it is relaxing in march .
california is usually chilly during spring , but it is busy in autumn .
they dislike mangoes and apples.
she dislikes pears , oranges , and peaches .
india is usually cold during summer , but it is beautiful in february .
when are they going to the eiffel tower ?
i dislike peaches , lemons , and mangoes .
france is usually wonderful during november , but it is usually cold in july .
our least favorite fruit is the grape , but your least favorite is the apple .
the banana is their least favorite fruit , but the peach is your least favorite .
new jersey is usually snowy during march , and it is relaxing in summer .
california is sometimes busy during december , but it is usually freezing in november .
california is never busy during april , and it is never beautiful in july .
california is nice during september , and it is sometimes rainy in fall .
you dislike limes , pears , and oranges.
our most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but my most loved is the peach .
his least favorite fruit is the mango , but their least favorite is the peach .
india is never beautiful during february , and it is usually relaxing in winter .
the united states is sometimes mild during spring , and it is usually relaxing in summer .
she might go to the united states next august .
france is never wonderful during december , but it is never relaxing in november .
she dislikes mangoes , bananas , and grapefruit.
paris is wonderful during january , but it is never beautiful in may .
california is chilly during july , but it is snowy in october .
she likes mangoes , strawberries , and grapefruit .
france is snowy during september , but it is usually nice in december .
california is cold during july , and it is sometimes mild in summer .
he is driving that rusty yellow car .
china is never mild during march , and it is never pleasant in october .
china is cold during april , and it is sometimes relaxing in july .
their favorite fruit is the orange , but our favorite is the apple .
india is nice during september , and it is usually freezing in summer .
china is never wet during june , and it is never cold in autumn .
paris is never beautiful during november , and it is sometimes mild in december .
she disliked the new yellow automobile .
she likes limes and mangoes .
paris is never nice during march , and it is busy in june .
india is never chilly during february , and it is snowy in december .
he liked a shiny red car .
india is hot during november , but it is sometimes nice in august .
india is sometimes rainy during spring , and it is never nice in february .
india is never snowy during may , and it is usually wonderful in fall .
new jersey is never beautiful during summer , and it is relaxing in august .
paris is never nice during april , and it is usually mild in january .
california is never beautiful during august , but it is sometimes relaxing in february .
she saw the old green truck .
our least favorite fruit is the banana , but her least favorite is the grape .
new jersey is chilly during july , but it is never cold in september .
france is never mild during autumn , but it is sometimes beautiful in spring .
you dislike grapefruit , peaches , and pears .
our least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but their least favorite is the mango.
china is nice during april , but it is usually freezing in october .
new jersey is warm during october , but it is sometimes busy in fall .
india is never freezing during april , and it is wonderful in spring .
france is usually freezing during autumn , but it is usually wet in march .
new jersey is relaxing during autumn , but it is busy in winter .
she dislikes lemons , oranges , and grapefruit .
the united states is sometimes snowy during june , and it is sometimes pleasant in september .
i dislike grapes and apples .
china is usually wonderful during november , and it is relaxing in summer .
the united states is never relaxing during january , but it is wonderful in fall .
he dislikes oranges , apples , and grapes .
france is mild during february , but it is sometimes busy in july .
india is relaxing during march , but it is sometimes chilly in october .
your most loved animals were snakes .
france is usually pleasant during november , and it is never nice in autumn .
she dislikes oranges , grapes , and grapefruit .
new jersey is usually warm during april , but it is dry in february .
he likes mangoes , apples , and grapes .
he liked that new black truck .
india is sometimes cold during november , but it is never freezing in may .
paris is never warm during october , but it is usually freezing in spring .
new jersey is sometimes pleasant during november , and it is sometimes dry in april .
we like grapefruit , grapes , and oranges .
the united states is sometimes freezing during april , but it is never wonderful in july .
the united states is relaxing during autumn , and it is never dry in september .
new jersey is usually mild during march , and it is sometimes hot in january .
she was driving that new white automobile .
your favorite fruit is the orange , but our favorite is the grapefruit .
california is never beautiful during spring , and it is usually freezing in may .
our least favorite fruit is the apple , but their least favorite is the orange .
paris is sometimes wet during summer , and it is never hot in february .
california is sometimes hot during january , and it is sometimes chilly in december .
i dislike strawberries , grapefruit , and lemons .
the united states is usually snowy during february , and it is wonderful in april .
france is warm during january , and it is usually wonderful in winter .
the mango is your favorite fruit , but the peach is their favorite .
china is sometimes busy during august , but it is sometimes chilly in autumn .
china is sometimes hot during spring , but it is warm in july .
she is driving the new white automobile .
the orange is his most loved fruit , but the mango is their most loved .
new jersey is sometimes cold during january , and it is dry in march .
china is sometimes beautiful during january , but it is sometimes cold in october .
i like lemons and bananas .
he likes strawberries and mangoes .
he dislikes grapes , limes , and strawberries.
your favorite fruit is the mango , but their favorite is the apple .
the united states is snowy during june , and it is never rainy in july .
china is usually rainy during july , and it is chilly in may .
france is usually dry during march , but it is usually wet in spring .
california is usually hot during march , but it is usually rainy in spring .
he likes bananas , grapes , and limes .
china is chilly during winter , but it is never warm in april .
new jersey is sometimes dry during summer , and it is never relaxing in winter .
china is never freezing during july , but it is usually relaxing in february .
he drives that old black truck .
new jersey is usually beautiful during winter , but it is sometimes cold in march .
the united states is sometimes wonderful during summer , but it is usually beautiful in april .
china is usually wet during july , but it is sometimes pleasant in december .
he likes that rusty red automobile .
the united states is cold during february , but it is usually rainy in spring .
paris is usually mild during september , and it is usually relaxing in january .
the pear is our most loved fruit , but the lime is his most loved .
you dislike pears , limes , and oranges .
france is chilly during december , and it is never warm in june .
paris is sometimes snowy during autumn , and it is freezing in december .
the united states is usually freezing during march , and it is snowy in summer .
he drives the old black automobile .
new jersey is usually chilly during spring , and it is sometimes wonderful in may .
she disliked the new green car .
she liked a little yellow car .
she likes grapefruit , oranges , and bananas .
our most loved fruit is the peach , but my most loved is the apple .
california is warm during august , but it is mild in spring .
paris is hot during winter , but it is never snowy in june .
she dislikes grapes , lemons , and oranges .
the united states is never busy during winter , but it is usually cold in summer .
the united states is never snowy during february , and it is never beautiful in august .
he plans to visit india in september .
paris is usually warm during december , and it is usually hot in october .
your favorite fruit is the lemon , but their favorite is the strawberry .
their least liked fruit is the apple , but my least liked is the grapefruit .
we like limes , oranges , and bananas.
new jersey is sometimes busy during may , and it is never cold in january .
the united states is beautiful during autumn , and it is never cold in december .
china is sometimes rainy during february , and it is busy in march .
paris is rainy during may , and it is sometimes nice in october .
china is usually cold during august , and it is never mild in summer .
he dislikes strawberries , apples , and grapes .
paris is sometimes nice during fall , and it is never wonderful in june .
the united states is sometimes hot during september , and it is sometimes cold in december .
he drove that little yellow truck .
the grape is our favorite fruit , but the lime is my favorite .
she dislikes oranges , pears , and grapes .
she is going to france next july .
new jersey is usually busy during fall , and it is sometimes mild in winter .
california is sometimes mild during may , and it is sometimes wonderful in winter .
our favorite fruit is the peach , but your favorite is the banana .
i dislike peaches , lemons , and limes .
paris is never mild during september , but it is sometimes rainy in spring .
the lemon is her favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is our favorite .
the orange is his favorite fruit , but the grape is our favorite .
she likes grapes , pears , and limes.
his favorite fruit is the apple , but my favorite is the grapefruit .
she dislikes pears , bananas , and strawberries .
her least liked fruit is the peach , but our least liked is the grape .
paris is usually busy during january , and it is snowy in november .
the united states is sometimes beautiful during april , and it is dry in february .
paris is never wonderful during august , but it is usually pleasant in winter .
her least favorite fruit is the peach , but your least favorite is the banana .
she dislikes strawberries , oranges , and bananas .
her most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but my most loved is the pear .
france is usually busy during january , and it is sometimes wonderful in september .
the united states is usually snowy during april , but it is sometimes hot in december .
california is usually relaxing during summer , but it is never beautiful in september .
your least liked fruit is the peach , but her least liked is the lemon .
she likes that shiny yellow automobile .
paris is usually chilly during july , and it is sometimes rainy in may .
the pear is her favorite fruit , but the mango is your favorite .
the united states is never quiet during october , and it is wet in spring .
the united states is never warm during february , and it is hot in march .
new jersey is never relaxing during may , and it is sometimes busy in march .
france is sometimes snowy during december , and it is usually warm in winter .
paris is usually nice during october , and it is usually freezing in november .
the united states is never hot during may , but it is usually beautiful in spring .
the lemon is their least liked fruit , but the strawberry is my least liked .
china is sometimes wonderful during may , and it is usually hot in october .
their least favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but her least favorite is the lime .
the banana is your most loved fruit , but the orange is her most loved .
his least liked fruit is the pear , but your least liked is the strawberry .
california is never freezing during autumn , and it is usually quiet in winter .
he dislikes lemons , grapes , and strawberries.
our least liked fruit is the peach , but my least liked is the mango .
china is never nice during october , and it is beautiful in february .
the pear is your favorite fruit , but the mango is our favorite .
india is dry during spring , but it is relaxing in autumn .
india is usually mild during fall , and it is hot in december .
she drove a big blue car .
she drives a rusty black automobile .
he dislikes bananas , apples , and grapefruit .
he drives that rusty blue automobile .
china is sometimes beautiful during december , and it is usually pleasant in january .
china is never freezing during march , and it is relaxing in november .
paris is never hot during august , but it is usually chilly in winter .
new jersey is sometimes cold during summer , and it is pleasant in september .
china is sometimes mild during june , but it is relaxing in november .
india is usually cold during may , and it is never busy in september .
the united states is never quiet during autumn , but it is usually nice in summer .
he likes peaches , mangoes , and lemons .
he likes apples , peaches , and oranges .
france is usually chilly during spring , and it is pleasant in february .
she dislikes oranges , lemons , and peaches .
your favorite animal is that lion .
you like apples , lemons , and bananas .
the pear is your most loved fruit , but the grape is their most loved .
the orange is her favorite fruit , but the peach is their favorite .
our most loved fruit is the mango , but your most loved is the peach .
new jersey is usually rainy during autumn , and it is nice in january .
india is sometimes nice during may , and it is never chilly in august .
he dislikes lemons , apples , and oranges.
the peach is my favorite fruit , but the pear is our favorite .
she likes lemons , oranges , and strawberries.
the pear is my favorite fruit , but the orange is his favorite .
paris is usually snowy during november , and it is never cold in fall .
the lime is her least liked fruit , but the peach is my least liked .
he dislikes strawberries , grapes , and lemons .
india is sometimes beautiful during january , but it is sometimes mild in march .
california is usually mild during fall , and it is sometimes wet in october .
new jersey is sometimes chilly during summer , and it is usually nice in march .
france is never wonderful during july , and it is snowy in april .
she drove that shiny yellow truck .
the united states is never beautiful during november , and it is usually relaxing in summer .
the grapefruit is his favorite fruit , but the lemon is your favorite.
france is quiet during august , and it is chilly in september .
the united states is dry during july , but it is snowy in january .
china is sometimes relaxing during winter , but it is usually beautiful in spring .
california is mild during may , and it is cold in february .
the peach is my favorite fruit , but the orange is his favorite .
he likes oranges , strawberries , and pears .
paris is sometimes warm during november , and it is pleasant in winter .
new jersey is sometimes dry during october , and it is sometimes hot in june .
france is sometimes nice during march , but it is busy in summer .
new jersey is never freezing during april , but it is usually chilly in october .
china is freezing during october , and it is sometimes chilly in february .
my favorite fruit is the orange , but your favorite is the mango .
you like grapes .
france is never freezing during summer , but it is mild in july .
paris is usually mild during january , but it is usually quiet in september .
the snake is your favorite animal .
our least favorite fruit is the orange , but my least favorite is the strawberry .
our favorite fruit is the pear , but their favorite is the banana .
new jersey is snowy during april , but it is relaxing in july .
new jersey is nice during spring , but it is usually quiet in january .
she likes pears , strawberries , and peaches .
they like bananas , strawberries , and peaches .
china is never warm during spring , but it is never rainy in july .
they dislike bananas , limes , and lemons .
you dislike peaches , oranges , and apples .
she dislikes limes , oranges , and mangoes.
he likes the big white truck .
new jersey is mild during november , but it is sometimes wonderful in july .
china is usually wet during september , but it is sometimes busy in april .
paris is usually mild during august , but it is never nice in july .
their favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but my favorite is the lemon .
new jersey is never quiet during spring , and it is sometimes rainy in february .
she dislikes big limes.
the peach is their favorite fruit , but the grape is her favorite .
paris is never warm during november , but it is usually relaxing in may .
he likes bananas , pears , and grapes .
the united states is sometimes busy during september , and it is usually chilly in march .
she dislikes mangoes , oranges , and pears .
paris is usually freezing during fall , and it is usually relaxing in february .
the mango is their favorite fruit , but the apple is your favorite .
the united states is never nice during april , but it is usually beautiful in spring .
new jersey is sometimes beautiful during december , but it is never dry in april .
they are going to india next october .
we like pears , limes , and mangoes .
she disliked that big green automobile .
the united states is sometimes chilly during october , and it is never warm in june .
he likes limes , grapefruit , and pears .
paris is sometimes cold during may , but it is usually hot in september .
paris is never dry during august , and it is wonderful in summer .
she likes limes , mangoes , and lemons .
china is snowy during autumn , but it is never freezing in august .
the pear is your least favorite fruit , but the peach is their least favorite .
china is usually pleasant during january , but it is usually relaxing in autumn .
the grapefruit is her most loved fruit , but the lemon is his most loved .
paris is usually wonderful during april , and it is never busy in winter .
california is never warm during autumn , but it is never quiet in june .
you like oranges and apples .
cats were her most loved animals .
our least liked fruit is the lemon , but her least liked is the strawberry .
paris is never rainy during september , and it is wet in spring .
my least liked fruit is the mango , but your least liked is the strawberry .
your least favorite fruit is the grape , but her least favorite is the lemon .
our most loved fruit is the apple , but your most loved is the orange .
california is sometimes mild during december , and it is never nice in april .
she dislikes grapes , strawberries , and apples .
his favorite animal was this lion .
her least favorite fruit is the mango , but our least favorite is the grape .
we dislike mangoes , apples , and grapes.
the united states is freezing during autumn , and it is usually hot in april .
she liked a little green automobile .
the peach is our least liked fruit , but the grape is her least liked .
your favorite fruit is the lime , but our favorite is the lemon .
the united states is busy during winter , and it is sometimes relaxing in fall .
he likes lemons and grapes.
your least favorite fruit is the grape .
china is usually rainy during autumn , and it is sometimes chilly in july .
i like pears , limes , and lemons .
france is usually pleasant during may , and it is never dry in june .
paris is usually rainy during winter , and it is warm in august .
the united states is never quiet during march , and it is usually busy in may .
new jersey is sometimes busy during summer , but it is sometimes quiet in march .
new jersey is never mild during september , and it is warm in october .
china is sometimes relaxing during fall , but it is usually snowy in summer .
the united states is usually warm during winter , and it is never pleasant in spring .
paris is usually snowy during july , and it is wonderful in december .
the grapefruit is my least liked fruit , but the strawberry is his least liked .
paris is nice during december , and it is sometimes rainy in september .
china is usually relaxing during december , but it is sometimes cold in september .
china is usually nice during august , but it is usually freezing in may .
new jersey is hot during february , but it is cold in march .
his least favorite fruit is the grape , but our least favorite is the mango.
the united states is busy during july , but it is never wonderful in autumn .
he dislikes strawberries , oranges , and bananas .
india is sometimes rainy during july , but it is usually pleasant in september .
the apple is my least liked fruit , but the mango is our least liked .
paris is usually beautiful during march , but it is sometimes cold in august .
china is hot during june , and it is relaxing in april .
this snake was my least favorite animal .
france is sometimes cold during may , and it is nice in december .
the apple is my favorite fruit , but the grape is his favorite .
china is never quiet during summer , and it is snowy in june .
new jersey is usually dry during autumn , and it is never wet in january .
paris is usually snowy during may , and it is never quiet in winter .
china is sometimes pleasant during october , but it is sometimes rainy in august .
paris is usually beautiful during may , and it is dry in spring .
the united states is sometimes dry during november , but it is never freezing in february .
the grapefruit is your favorite fruit , but the banana is their favorite .
she dislikes apples , grapefruit , and strawberries .
his least favorite fruit is the lime , but my least favorite is the orange .
the banana is his least liked fruit , but the orange is your least liked .
paris is wonderful during fall , but it is freezing in may .
california is usually warm during february , but it is never hot in january .
new jersey is hot during december , and it is usually freezing in winter .
california is usually wet during december , and it is sometimes hot in summer .
france is usually snowy during summer , but it is never wet in november .
california is sometimes wet during march , but it is sometimes chilly in september .
france is usually quiet during fall , but it is usually pleasant in june .
california is usually hot during december , and it is sometimes busy in october .
the united states is wet during december , but it is wonderful in november .
new jersey is sometimes freezing during february , but it is never mild in july .
paris is usually mild during august , and it is busy in summer .
she dislikes strawberries , limes , and grapes .
france is sometimes nice during october , but it is beautiful in summer .
he dislikes oranges , pears , and strawberries .
his most loved fruit is the orange , but her most loved is the lemon .
you dislike pears , strawberries , and apples .
china is usually beautiful during september , but it is cold in autumn .
he likes pears , strawberries , and apples .
i like strawberries , mangoes , and grapes .
the grape is his least liked fruit , but the lime is their least liked.
my least favorite fruit is the mango , but his least favorite is the grapefruit .
the strawberry is my favorite fruit , but the orange is their favorite.
the cat is my most loved animal .
the united states is never mild during spring , but it is sometimes freezing in autumn .
california is never relaxing during winter , but it is sometimes chilly in march .
california is never quiet during december , but it is wonderful in winter .
the grapefruit is your favorite fruit , but the apple is his favorite .
their least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but her least favorite is the pear.
he dislikes pears and limes .
paris is sometimes hot during fall , and it is usually dry in june .
california is freezing during september , and it is never relaxing in november .
china is never busy during april , and it is sometimes rainy in september .
india is sometimes warm during autumn , but it is never wonderful in june .
paris is sometimes dry during january , but it is usually busy in november .
california is relaxing during november , but it is sometimes dry in september .
she likes pears , grapes , and strawberries .
the united states is sometimes beautiful during september , but it is sometimes cold in july .
the united states is never hot during spring , and it is freezing in september .
california is never dry during spring , and it is sometimes cold in autumn .
california is mild during march , and it is usually pleasant in december .
the united states is never relaxing during december , but it is usually chilly in august .
this elephant was your most feared animal .
he dislikes grapes , oranges , and bananas.
the lime is our favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is their favorite.
she likes grapes and limes.
new jersey is sometimes wonderful during may , and it is never beautiful in august .
the united states is usually rainy during november , but it is never warm in january .
france is sometimes hot during june , and it is wonderful in december .
paris is sometimes hot during september , and it is never mild in november .
china is usually beautiful during january , and it is sometimes freezing in february .
france is never wet during may , and it is never rainy in autumn .
china is never beautiful during february , and it is chilly in march .
they dislike peaches and oranges .
he dislikes the shiny yellow truck .
she went to california last winter .
the united states is sometimes quiet during june , and it is usually rainy in july .
the united states is quiet during november , and it is rainy in september .
the united states is sometimes mild during fall , but it is usually nice in april .
france is sometimes warm during may , but it is usually beautiful in fall .
she likes pears , grapefruit , and strawberries .
his least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but my least favorite is the orange .
he likes lemons , grapes , and oranges.
the lime is his least liked fruit , but the lemon is my least liked .
india is usually pleasant during july , and it is sometimes chilly in april .
paris is sometimes beautiful during october , but it is usually freezing in september .
he dislikes limes , grapes , and apples .
her least favorite animal was that snake .
new jersey is never chilly during april , but it is usually beautiful in october .
china is pleasant during spring , and it is busy in march .
france is usually wet during september , but it is never busy in january .
new jersey is hot during autumn , and it is dry in fall .
the bird was my most feared animal .
she likes oranges , apples , and bananas .
the apple is his least liked fruit , but the lime is her least liked .
india is usually quiet during august , and it is usually freezing in autumn .
new jersey is never relaxing during november , but it is never warm in summer .
new jersey is never warm during july , and it is beautiful in autumn .
france is usually rainy during june , and it is sometimes mild in may .
new jersey is sometimes warm during summer , but it is usually cold in autumn .
new jersey is usually dry during winter , but it is never freezing in august .
paris is wet during july , and it is sometimes mild in may .
china is usually warm during spring , but it is usually quiet in april .
our least liked fruit is the grape , but my least liked is the strawberry .
california is wonderful during march , and it is never mild in summer .
the united states is usually relaxing during june , and it is never hot in march .
paris is usually beautiful during winter , but it is sometimes chilly in spring .
the grapefruit is our favorite fruit , but the banana is your favorite .
paris is usually rainy during february , and it is never warm in september .
france is usually warm during april , but it is usually snowy in august .
india is usually snowy during april , and it is never warm in october .
she dislikes a new blue car .
china is never beautiful during winter , but it is never cold in october .
our favorite fruit is the grape , but their favorite is the mango .
france is usually chilly during spring , and it is sometimes beautiful in april .
strawberries are your least liked fruit .
he is driving the old green automobile .
the united states is usually wonderful during june , and it is never chilly in winter .
california is usually quiet during december , but it is never busy in january .
the apple is his least favorite fruit , but the peach is our least favorite .
china is sometimes dry during december , but it is never mild in march .
your least liked fruit is the banana , but his least liked is the lime .
he dislikes limes , peaches , and lemons .
india is sometimes busy during spring , but it is never relaxing in winter .
she likes the rusty red truck .
india is usually wet during march , but it is sometimes beautiful in autumn .
the lemon is your most loved fruit , but the lime is his most loved .
new jersey is usually chilly during may , and it is usually relaxing in august .
france is usually dry during summer , and it is sometimes quiet in april .
the apple is my favorite fruit , but the grape is your favorite .
she likes apples , lemons , and grapes .
why did he go to india ?
paris is sometimes pleasant during february , and it is wet in winter .
his most loved fruit is the strawberry , but their most loved is the lime .
my least favorite fruit is the lemon , but our least favorite is the peach .
the united states is never hot during may , but it is wet in july .
she drives the shiny blue truck .
china is never cold during may , and it is usually snowy in february .
your most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but her most loved is the strawberry .
the united states is usually relaxing during february , but it is sometimes hot in october .
france is usually busy during october , but it is usually relaxing in december .
the united states is pleasant during july , and it is nice in february .
new jersey is cold during june , but it is sometimes rainy in autumn .
california is sometimes pleasant during december , but it is sometimes mild in july .
the united states is usually mild during autumn , but it is sometimes wet in january .
china is rainy during autumn , but it is sometimes snowy in august .
paris is hot during winter , but it is sometimes relaxing in may .
paris is never beautiful during summer , but it is never dry in december .
france is sometimes hot during august , and it is never warm in october .
she likes peaches , bananas , and lemons .
france is usually wonderful during summer , and it is never hot in july .
the united states is never quiet during autumn , but it is wonderful in april .
china is wet during march , but it is rainy in december .
our least liked fruit is the mango , but his least liked is the peach .
india is warm during january , and it is sometimes quiet in summer .
california is usually beautiful during autumn , and it is sometimes dry in may .
paris is never quiet during march , but it is dry in spring .
i like mangoes , grapefruit , and pears.
india is wonderful during january , and it is never busy in september .
he likes apples , pears , and oranges .
her most loved fruit is the orange , but our most loved is the pear .
paris is usually dry during september , but it is beautiful in october .
the pear is her favorite fruit , but the mango is my favorite .
do you think translating between portuguese and chinese is easy ?
the united states is sometimes warm during september , but it is chilly in april .
china is relaxing during july , and it is usually freezing in april .
he dislikes oranges , peaches , and mangoes .
india is usually relaxing during autumn , and it is cold in may .
new jersey is never cold during winter , and it is usually freezing in december .
the united states is usually beautiful during july , but it is sometimes snowy in february .
she wanted to go to the united states last october .
their least liked fruit is the peach , but her least liked is the mango .
he likes pears , strawberries , and peaches .
new jersey is sometimes dry during spring , and it is usually beautiful in october .
china is sometimes warm during march , and it is sometimes wonderful in may .
the united states is sometimes dry during february , and it is never snowy in summer .
her most loved fruit is the banana , but my most loved is the mango .
she likes bananas and grapefruit .
you like limes , pears , and strawberries.
the united states is never nice during may , but it is freezing in april .
i like apples , grapefruit , and oranges .
the united states is never freezing during december , but it is chilly in summer .
france is usually hot during october , and it is usually rainy in december .
our most loved fruit is the banana , but her most loved is the lime .
new jersey is never chilly during december , but it is sometimes nice in february .
he dislikes apples , grapes , and mangoes .
the cat is my most feared animal .
paris is usually quiet during winter , and it is sometimes wet in april .
the lemon is your most loved fruit , but the mango is his most loved .
she was driving that rusty yellow truck .
new jersey is usually chilly during may , and it is wet in july .
the apple is your least favorite fruit , but the lemon is her least favorite .
her least liked fruit is the orange , but his least liked is the lime .
she dislikes mangoes , apples , and grapes.
the mango is her most loved fruit , but the grape is their most loved .
paris is usually quiet during july , but it is sometimes mild in september .
india is usually warm during autumn , but it is wet in fall .
california is mild during january , but it is never relaxing in winter .
she likes mangoes , pears , and strawberries .
china is freezing during spring , but it is never snowy in october .
india is sometimes cold during spring , but it is usually hot in january .
california is never mild during august , and it is sometimes snowy in october .
new jersey is usually wonderful during december , and it is never dry in april .
paris is rainy during spring , and it is mild in fall .
france is never freezing during october , but it is usually wet in fall .
my most loved animal was that dog .
he dislikes limes , lemons , and oranges .
california is never mild during february , but it is usually wonderful in winter .
he likes oranges , apples , and grapefruit .
paris is freezing during summer , but it is usually chilly in may .
her least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but his least favorite is the mango .
paris is never nice during spring , but it is rainy in july .
california is usually wonderful during october , and it is chilly in march .
california is wet during winter , but it is usually busy in spring .
the united states is usually hot during march , but it is usually cold in july .
new jersey is sometimes mild during august , and it is sometimes warm in october .
they like lemons and mangoes .
the lime is their favorite fruit , but the lemon is my favorite .
our most loved fruit is the banana , but your most loved is the mango .
china is usually freezing during july , but it is sometimes beautiful in december .
my favorite fruit is the apple , but her favorite is the grape .
she drives that shiny white truck .
she dislikes the new black car .
new jersey is sometimes hot during summer , but it is never snowy in autumn .
he plans to visit the united states in may .
oranges are my favorite fruit .
france is busy during september , and it is never dry in november .
my favorite fruit is the pear , but their favorite is the banana .
new jersey is sometimes wonderful during summer , and it is never dry in march .
india is never mild during september , but it is pleasant in june .
india is busy during march , but it is usually relaxing in autumn .
france is sometimes snowy during may , but it is usually freezing in winter .
we like oranges and pears .
the strawberry is his most loved fruit , but the apple is your most loved .
france is mild during autumn , but it is usually cold in december .
the lemon is her least liked fruit , but the banana is our least liked .
china is sometimes wonderful during fall , and it is usually hot in february .
france is never snowy during december , but it is usually relaxing in summer .
china is nice during december , but it is never warm in october .
her least favorite fruit is the apple , but his least favorite is the lemon .
new jersey is rainy during september , and it is beautiful in fall .
our least favorite fruit is the mango , but her least favorite is the orange .
she likes pears , grapefruit , and lemons .
new jersey is usually nice during may , but it is usually pleasant in autumn .
india is quiet during fall , and it is never beautiful in summer .
he likes grapefruit , limes , and mangoes .
paris is cold during summer , and it is sometimes dry in september .
i think it is difficult to translate between french and english .
she might go to california next summer .
she likes grapefruit , mangoes , and apples .
paris is nice during september , but it is quiet in june .
california is usually freezing during november , but it is sometimes cold in july .
india is usually wet during june , but it is sometimes cold in january .
new jersey is sometimes quiet during winter , but it is usually relaxing in october .
paris is never chilly during march , but it is never snowy in december .
paris is sometimes wet during february , and it is never snowy in june .
france is hot during summer , but it is usually busy in august .
he likes grapes , apples , and strawberries.
california is wonderful during may , and it is usually beautiful in april .
france is usually quiet during march , and it is usually relaxing in november .
he likes apples , oranges , and strawberries .
new jersey is usually wet during january , and it is never snowy in march .
new jersey is sometimes wonderful during july , but it is usually snowy in january .
china is snowy during july , and it is never chilly in summer .
i like oranges , grapefruit , and pears .
his most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but my most loved is the mango.
my least liked fruit is the lemon , but our least liked is the peach .
india is usually chilly during june , but it is sometimes relaxing in february .
he likes peaches , grapes , and pears .
the peach is your least favorite fruit , but the pear is her least favorite .
china is never hot during august , and it is beautiful in fall .
his least liked fruit is the peach , but my least liked is the apple .
paris is sometimes rainy during spring , and it is never relaxing in november .
california is sometimes cold during february , and it is sometimes pleasant in october .
new jersey is usually warm during winter , and it is usually relaxing in december .
she thinks it is easy to translate between chinese and english .
that bird was my least favorite animal .
he dislikes oranges , mangoes , and lemons .
new jersey is sometimes hot during fall , but it is usually wonderful in november .
you dislike peaches and oranges .
the united states is snowy during winter , but it is usually busy in summer .
california is pleasant during july , and it is sometimes mild in october .
china is wonderful during november , but it is dry in february .
they like lemons , apples , and strawberries .
my least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but her least favorite is the grape.
paris is never busy during december , but it is cold in autumn .
she likes grapefruit , apples , and grapes .
france is never dry during october , and it is never warm in december .
china is usually mild during december , and it is never busy in summer .
paris is sometimes nice during may , and it is never wonderful in fall .
california is never pleasant during spring , and it is snowy in august .
paris is warm during december , but it is never hot in summer .
india is sometimes beautiful during autumn , and it is sometimes hot in summer .
new jersey is relaxing during september , but it is usually chilly in april .
france is usually quiet during winter , and it is usually snowy in may .
new jersey is never warm during september , but it is snowy in october .
california is never chilly during november , but it is sometimes quiet in may .
the banana is my least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is your least favorite .
china is usually beautiful during fall , but it is sometimes wonderful in april .
france is sometimes beautiful during february , but it is usually wonderful in april .
we dislike oranges , apples , and mangoes .
the grapefruit is his least favorite fruit , but the pear is my least favorite.
he dislikes mangoes , limes , and strawberries .
india is sometimes hot during december , but it is rainy in july .
they dislike apples , oranges , and strawberries .
the peach is your least liked fruit , but the pear is our least liked .
he dislikes grapes , strawberries , and apples.
france is never freezing during april , but it is pleasant in autumn .
she was driving a new green car .
we plan to visit china next november .
my most loved fruit is the lemon , but our most loved is the strawberry .
their most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but his most loved is the orange .
we dislike lemons , grapes , and mangoes .
he likes the big white automobile .
you dislike apples , peaches , and oranges .
california is sometimes wet during september , and it is usually dry in fall .
is she going to the united states ?
he likes mangoes , limes , and grapefruit .
paris is mild during july , but it is never hot in summer .
india is rainy during february , but it is sometimes mild in november .
paris is relaxing during july , but it is usually pleasant in spring .
china is sometimes pleasant during summer , but it is never nice in october .
paris is usually hot during august , and it is never pleasant in november .
he dislikes grapes and apples.
china is usually nice during october , and it is sometimes quiet in february .
she likes bananas , limes , and peaches .
it's fun to translate spanish to portuguese .
the orange is his favorite fruit , but the lime is my favorite .
new jersey is pleasant during summer , but it is never wet in august .
he thinks it is fun to translate between chinese and spanish .
they dislike pears , peaches , and limes .
the united states is sometimes nice during january , and it is usually quiet in may .
the pear is your favorite fruit , but the peach is their favorite .
my most feared animals were bears .
paris is sometimes pleasant during winter , but it is usually hot in march .
paris is usually hot during autumn , but it is usually wonderful in february .
she dislikes apples , limes , and oranges .
the strawberry is their least liked fruit , but the peach is her least liked.
new jersey is never cold during autumn , and it is never quiet in summer .
the grape is her most loved fruit , but the pear is their most loved.
paris is cold during january , but it is usually busy in march .
the grapefruit is his least liked fruit , but the apple is your least liked.
she dislikes that big white car .
the united states is snowy during july , and it is sometimes wonderful in august .
the mango is your least favorite fruit , but the grape is his least favorite .
he dislikes bananas , pears , and oranges .
paris is sometimes wet during october , but it is never beautiful in may .
she drove that shiny green automobile .
india is never chilly during september , but it is usually hot in fall .
california is usually beautiful during summer , but it is mild in july .
his favorite fruit is the strawberry , but our favorite is the mango .
china is never pleasant during autumn , but it is sometimes busy in may .
we dislike bananas , oranges , and strawberries .
india is sometimes pleasant during november , but it is never beautiful in june .
the lime is her most loved fruit , but the apple is his most loved .
you like limes , peaches , and strawberries.
he drives that big blue car .
france is usually chilly during december , but it is freezing in march .
california is usually wet during september , but it is sometimes quiet in autumn .
india is busy during november , but it is usually hot in february .
new jersey is snowy during july , and it is never beautiful in summer .
our favorite fruit is the strawberry , but your favorite is the lemon.
they like lemons , limes , and oranges .
our least favorite fruit is the grape , but their least favorite is the grapefruit .
she likes mangoes , peaches , and grapes .
the apple is your favorite fruit , but the mango is her favorite .
i dislike lemons , grapes , and mangoes .
california is never wonderful during june , but it is sometimes relaxing in december .
new jersey is usually beautiful during autumn , and it is snowy in september .
my least favorite fruit is the pear , but our least favorite is the mango .
the grape is our least liked fruit , but the peach is their least liked .
the grapefruit is their least liked fruit , but the apple is your least liked .
did he like the school ?
i dislike oranges , lemons , and strawberries .
his least liked fruit is the apple , but their least liked is the lemon .
china is never cold during february , but it is warm in december .
she dislikes limes , pears , and strawberries.
france is hot during february , and it is usually relaxing in april .
california is sometimes hot during may , but it is pleasant in summer .
new jersey is sometimes snowy during october , and it is sometimes relaxing in autumn .
france is rainy during june , and it is sometimes hot in september .
why did they go to the eiffel tower ?
the grapefruit is their favorite fruit , but the banana is our favorite .
france is warm during december , but it is relaxing in spring .
they dislike lemons , mangoes , and bananas .
paris is never busy during november , but it is usually beautiful in spring .
he dislikes peaches , limes , and apples .
the united states is never rainy during july , and it is sometimes pleasant in june .
new jersey is never quiet during november , and it is usually cold in autumn .
california is never chilly during july , and it is never mild in august .
france is sometimes chilly during autumn , but it is never wonderful in summer .
california is never pleasant during november , and it is usually hot in may .
the pear is her least favorite fruit , but the orange is my least favorite .
you dislike grapes , oranges , and strawberries .
he is driving that old blue car .
india is never dry during fall , but it is usually cold in june .
he dislikes oranges , strawberries , and pears .
china is never beautiful during december , and it is usually snowy in autumn .
she likes lemons and mangoes.
your favorite animal is the horse .
his least favorite fruit is the apple , but my least favorite is the lime .
california is freezing during fall , and it is sometimes nice in august .
the united states is beautiful during spring , and it is never mild in january .
her least liked fruit is the lime .
he likes strawberries , lemons , and grapefruit .
he likes pears , peaches , and apples .
china is wonderful during december , and it is never wet in fall .
your least liked fruit is the grapefruit , but his least liked is the grape .
paris is pleasant during november , but it is never mild in june .
when did she go to paris ?
china is sometimes relaxing during january , and it is warm in september .
california is sometimes warm during may , but it is snowy in autumn .
paris is never mild during april , but it is never hot in february .
their favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but her favorite is the apple .
india is chilly during summer , and it is usually beautiful in autumn .
she likes apples , peaches , and strawberries .
california is usually snowy during summer , and it is rainy in june .
india is never busy during spring , but it is usually freezing in february .
france is relaxing during may , and it is usually warm in january .
the united states is sometimes busy during september , but it is beautiful in june .
paris is warm during fall , and it is mild in may .
the united states is freezing during summer , but it is never chilly in july .
new jersey is usually dry during november , and it is busy in september .
california is sometimes quiet during may , and it is never dry in january .
india is relaxing during july , and it is never beautiful in summer .
he likes grapefruit , bananas , and peaches .
california is usually pleasant during november , but it is usually wonderful in fall .
california is sometimes relaxing during winter , but it is never warm in summer .
her most loved fruit is the apple , but his most loved is the peach .
paris is usually cold during july , but it is never hot in june .
paris is sometimes wet during october , and it is sometimes relaxing in january .
you like apples , lemons , and limes .
china is warm during march , but it is never busy in may .
the lemon is their favorite fruit , but the banana is our favorite .
he likes limes , apples , and grapes .
how was the weather in india last september ?
new jersey is usually busy during fall , and it is never snowy in may .
we like apples , grapefruit , and oranges .
new jersey is sometimes rainy during spring , but it is never pleasant in october .
the strawberry is her least liked fruit , but the mango is your least liked .
the united states is chilly during february , but it is never freezing in september .
paris is usually beautiful during december , but it is usually cold in june .
china is never relaxing during april , but it is never wonderful in autumn .
we dislike grapefruit , limes , and pears .
the united states is quiet during december , but it is usually cold in summer .
the lemon is our least liked fruit , but the lime is my least liked .
paris is sometimes wonderful during june , and it is sometimes chilly in fall .
france is never wet during winter , but it is busy in may .
france is sometimes chilly during june , and it is usually snowy in august .
india is never mild during summer , but it is snowy in august .
his least favorite animals were bears .
his least liked fruit is the banana , but their least liked is the grapefruit .
france is sometimes freezing during march , but it is usually busy in winter .
they dislike mangoes , apples , and grapes.
paris is usually freezing during spring , but it is quiet in april .
the united states is sometimes snowy during may , but it is beautiful in autumn .
france is usually wet during january , and it is usually rainy in summer .
india is never cold during summer , but it is usually snowy in january .
she likes grapefruit , mangoes , and apples .
france is busy during winter , and it is sometimes mild in march .
he dislikes peaches , lemons , and limes .
china is sometimes nice during november , but it is warm in july .
our most loved fruit is the banana , but his most loved is the peach .
my most loved fruit is the lime , but her most loved is the grapefruit .
we dislike grapefruit , pears , and oranges .
california is usually wet during february , but it is never rainy in summer .
california is sometimes warm during spring , and it is never freezing in july .
did you go to paris ?
he dislikes grapes , bananas , and peaches.
india is usually pleasant during fall , and it is usually quiet in november .
china is freezing during march , but it is never wet in july .
new jersey is never cold during november , but it is usually busy in winter .
paris is usually busy during march , but it is rainy in july .
new jersey is usually nice during fall , and it is pleasant in january .
china is usually hot during winter , but it is sometimes wet in january .
the united states is sometimes wonderful during summer , and it is usually snowy in september .
new jersey is never busy during november , but it is usually pleasant in june .
he drives the new red car .
paris is usually quiet during march , and it is never nice in december .
he drove a new white truck .
the apple is our most loved fruit , but the peach is my most loved .
france is dry during january , but it is usually rainy in march .
new jersey is sometimes rainy during spring , and it is sometimes snowy in january .
he drives a big green automobile .
the peach is her favorite fruit , but the lemon is my favorite .
paris is usually relaxing during february , but it is never pleasant in spring .
california is never snowy during december , but it is relaxing in august .
her most loved animal was the bird .
the united states is never freezing during october , but it is never wonderful in june .
the united states is usually snowy during april , but it is usually warm in june .
paris is never beautiful during spring , but it is dry in may .
france is never chilly during summer , and it is usually busy in december .
they plan to visit the united states next december .
paris is usually cold during september , and it is never dry in spring .
she likes grapes , mangoes , and bananas.
new jersey is sometimes hot during summer , and it is sometimes warm in september .
the peach is their least liked fruit , but the banana is my least liked .
new jersey is sometimes beautiful during december , and it is never quiet in april .
new jersey is usually mild during winter , and it is usually snowy in april .
he likes grapes , bananas , and grapefruit.
paris is wet during january , but it is usually quiet in august .
you dislike apples , mangoes , and lemons .
the united states is beautiful during july , but it is sometimes wonderful in december .
i like mangoes and grapes.
paris is busy during october , and it is sometimes pleasant in march .
india is snowy during november , and it is never relaxing in october .
new jersey is wet during july , but it is usually dry in august .
paris is nice during february , but it is usually warm in spring .
he likes pears , peaches , and strawberries .
china is sometimes busy during autumn , and it is usually snowy in february .
new jersey is sometimes wonderful during may , and it is never pleasant in september .
you like pears , grapefruit , and strawberries .
china is hot during december , but it is sometimes warm in may .
california is wet during january , but it is warm in march .
india is usually mild during july , but it is sometimes nice in fall .
china is chilly during september , and it is sometimes dry in october .
the lime is our least favorite fruit , but the orange is my least favorite.
she likes limes and strawberries .
paris is never freezing during autumn , and it is sometimes relaxing in april .
the united states is never cold during march , and it is sometimes mild in summer .
the orange is his least favorite fruit , but the peach is our least favorite .
the united states is never dry during march , and it is busy in june .
new jersey is never beautiful during february , but it is never nice in july .
he saw that old yellow automobile .
she might go to california next june .
paris is never cold during summer , and it is rainy in september .
france is sometimes freezing during september , and it is busy in april .
she likes that new white automobile .
china is never relaxing during august , and it is sometimes rainy in september .
the united states is never hot during may , and it is nice in march .
the united states is usually snowy during winter , and it is usually chilly in march .
france is usually busy during winter , and it is usually rainy in may .
she dislikes strawberries , bananas , and oranges .
he likes bananas , mangoes , and limes .
paris is never dry during january , but it is never cold in april .
she is driving that shiny red car .
the pear is their most loved fruit , but the lime is her most loved .
china is sometimes warm during april , and it is usually rainy in spring .
paris is never mild during june , and it is sometimes quiet in winter .
france is never dry during february , but it is sometimes pleasant in september .
her least liked fruit is the lime , but their least liked is the strawberry .
china is usually busy during march , and it is usually wonderful in november .
china is never freezing during fall , but it is never snowy in february .
the apple is our least favorite fruit , but the strawberry is his least favorite .
the united states is never busy during summer , and it is sometimes dry in december .
your least liked fruit is the grape , but my least liked is the pear .
this bird was her favorite animal .
new jersey is usually freezing during february , but it is sometimes quiet in october .
china is never nice during january , and it is usually dry in december .
his most loved fruit is the strawberry , but our most loved is the apple .
the united states is usually beautiful during september , and it is never busy in december .
india is sometimes snowy during autumn , but it is hot in august .
new jersey is sometimes rainy during winter , but it is sometimes cold in summer .
you like grapefruit , limes , and lemons .
china is pleasant during august , but it is snowy in winter .
paris is never warm during spring , and it is usually snowy in august .
his favorite fruit is the peach , but their favorite is the apple .
new jersey is sometimes freezing during january , and it is never beautiful in fall .
paris is sometimes wonderful during summer , and it is busy in november .
france is beautiful during february , and it is wonderful in april .
you like limes , bananas , and apples.
china is never snowy during december , and it is sometimes hot in april .
your least liked fruit is the banana , but her least liked is the orange .
their least liked fruit is the orange , but his least liked is the grape .
you like oranges , grapefruit , and peaches .
california is usually freezing during july , and it is never rainy in november .
france is sometimes busy during december , but it is usually mild in january .
she dislikes grapes , apples , and peaches .
new jersey is never snowy during august , but it is never quiet in summer .
my most loved fruit is the peach , but her most loved is the grapefruit .
new jersey is usually snowy during december , but it is sometimes chilly in winter .
new jersey is warm during january , but it is usually chilly in fall .
he dislikes peaches , grapefruit , and grapes .
she likes bananas , grapefruit , and peaches .
india is never beautiful during november , but it is usually warm in autumn .
california is sometimes chilly during june , but it is rainy in december .
the mango is our favorite fruit , but the pear is her favorite .
their most loved fruit is the lemon , but our most loved is the grapefruit .
india is never nice during january , and it is never mild in july .
france is usually beautiful during november , and it is usually wet in spring .
she dislikes strawberries , lemons , and grapefruit .
he drove that old green truck .
india is never wet during december , but it is never dry in february .
her least favorite fruit is the mango , but their least favorite is the apple .
paris is sometimes hot during winter , and it is sometimes wonderful in autumn .
the orange is their least favorite fruit , but the lemon is her least favorite .
she likes grapefruit , grapes , and lemons .
china is mild during july , but it is usually relaxing in september .
france is usually mild during april , but it is usually relaxing in august .
our favorite fruit is the grape , but her favorite is the pear .
his most loved fruit is the pear , but your most loved is the apple .
france is usually beautiful during july , and it is sometimes wet in march .
she is driving the little green automobile .
india is never pleasant during november , and it is cold in january .
china is never nice during february , but it is usually rainy in may .
the lime is his least favorite fruit , but the grape is my least favorite .
i dislike limes , lemons , and pears.
her favorite fruit is the mango , but his favorite is the lime .
limes are our most loved fruit .
new jersey is sometimes wet during august , and it is quiet in spring .
they dislike pears , apples , and bananas .
he likes limes , pears , and oranges .
california is sometimes cold during january , but it is busy in july .
california is beautiful during november , and it is busy in spring .
india is wet during autumn , and it is never quiet in june .
california is sometimes mild during winter , and it is usually nice in december .
china is warm during august , and it is usually chilly in february .
their least liked fruit is the strawberry , but our least liked is the lime.
california is never freezing during april , but it is sometimes quiet in september .
the united states is warm during may , but it is sometimes quiet in summer .
the strawberry is his least favorite fruit , but the peach is their least favorite .
california is usually warm during winter , and it is never busy in september .
california is sometimes nice during july , and it is usually quiet in october .
india is usually cold during summer , but it is usually nice in december .
the mango is my least liked fruit , but the peach is your least liked .
my most loved fruit is the banana , but her most loved is the mango .
the united states is usually mild during june , and it is snowy in summer .
china is usually pleasant during july , and it is sometimes freezing in september .
california is dry during summer , but it is sometimes cold in april .
his least favorite fruit is the mango , but our least favorite is the apple .
new jersey is never nice during june , but it is never rainy in summer .
france is beautiful during september , but it is usually rainy in autumn .
california is beautiful during april , but it is never snowy in spring .
new jersey is snowy during november , and it is never quiet in july .
the united states is sometimes mild during february , but it is cold in march .
her least favorite fruit is the lemon , but my least favorite is the grape .
france is wonderful during spring , and it is rainy in april .
the united states is usually busy during june , and it is never quiet in winter .
their least liked fruit is the orange , but your least liked is the grape .
his most loved fruit is the pear , but our most loved is the orange .
india is sometimes quiet during january , but it is chilly in february .
france is sometimes freezing during may , and it is sometimes beautiful in october .
california is sometimes beautiful during autumn , and it is usually freezing in spring .
the banana is your most loved fruit , but the mango is our most loved .
they dislike lemons , oranges , and limes .
india is never quiet during autumn , and it is sometimes wet in october .
china is sometimes nice during june , but it is usually warm in fall .
the banana is his favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is your favorite .
france is nice during august , but it is never hot in september .
india is never freezing during july , but it is usually snowy in november .
he was driving the shiny black car .
france is usually mild during fall , and it is usually rainy in june .
california is never hot during october , and it is usually nice in fall .
france is wet during march , and it is never chilly in june .
china is mild during winter , but it is hot in january .
france is usually freezing during january , and it is sometimes beautiful in march .
the banana is his least liked fruit , but the lime is her least liked .
india is usually dry during march , and it is never freezing in april .
our favorite fruit is the strawberry , but his favorite is the orange.
our least liked fruit is the mango , but his least liked is the lemon .
china is sometimes mild during fall , but it is sometimes rainy in june .
india is sometimes mild during may , and it is never pleasant in january .
we like grapes , strawberries , and peaches .
the peach is your least liked fruit , but the strawberry is his least liked .
she likes peaches , apples , and oranges .
her favorite fruit is the strawberry , but my favorite is the mango .
our most loved fruit is the banana , but her most loved is the grapefruit .
new jersey is sometimes cold during january , but it is sometimes busy in october .
her favorite fruit is the apple , but their favorite is the grape .
the apple is his most loved fruit , but the mango is my most loved .
china is never chilly during april , and it is hot in may .
why didn't he go to the united states ?
that bird was my most loved animal .
our most loved fruit is the peach , but your most loved is the grapefruit .
france is never beautiful during february , but it is sometimes busy in october .
new jersey is usually snowy during january , but it is never relaxing in july .
they dislike lemons , limes , and pears .
the lime is your least liked fruit , but the strawberry is her least liked .
france is sometimes warm during february , but it is sometimes relaxing in fall .
china is wonderful during march , and it is usually freezing in february .
china is quiet during january , and it is never dry in march .
new jersey is never chilly during fall , and it is never cold in july .
new jersey is usually dry during spring , but it is usually pleasant in summer .
the peach is my least liked fruit , but the banana is her least liked .
paris is usually relaxing during march , and it is never snowy in december .
the united states is usually rainy during april , and it is usually nice in july .
china is never warm during march , but it is relaxing in august .
she disliked that rusty white automobile .
he likes peaches , strawberries , and pears .
he dislikes pears , apples , and bananas .
paris is usually wonderful during winter , but it is never beautiful in september .
france is sometimes rainy during september , but it is never snowy in november .
we dislike pears , limes , and strawberries .
paris is sometimes warm during may , and it is sometimes nice in spring .
the united states is sometimes mild during fall , and it is wonderful in winter .
my most loved animal was the elephant .
india is usually nice during november , but it is usually busy in summer .
do you think translating between english and spanish is easy ?
she is driving the shiny yellow truck .
i dislike grapefruit , bananas , and strawberries .
china is never mild during spring , and it is sometimes wonderful in february .
india is usually rainy during may , but it is never nice in september .
paris is usually relaxing during october , and it is sometimes wet in september .
our most loved fruit is the pear , but your most loved is the lime .
india is usually quiet during december , but it is never mild in august .
paris is usually wonderful during may , but it is never relaxing in january .
california is sometimes busy during march , but it is dry in april .
china is sometimes nice during december , and it is never chilly in february .
he likes grapes , lemons , and grapefruit.
the united states is usually pleasant during august , and it is never cold in may .
china is usually rainy during february , and it is mild in winter .
new jersey is usually mild during summer , but it is sometimes chilly in january .
he was driving a little yellow truck .
she dislikes strawberries , mangoes , and grapes .
paris is sometimes rainy during november , and it is relaxing in december .
france is usually rainy during september , and it is never beautiful in november .
they want to go to india next june .
china is never busy during summer , but it is never hot in april .
the united states is never quiet during november , and it is never hot in september .
california is wet during march , but it is never wonderful in february .
france is sometimes nice during autumn , and it is pleasant in december .
france is usually relaxing during july , and it is never hot in autumn .
paris is sometimes cold during august , but it is usually snowy in january .
france is never mild during june , and it is sometimes relaxing in march .
paris is usually busy during october , but it is never warm in spring .
india is sometimes mild during january , and it is pleasant in october .
china is never beautiful during september , but it is usually busy in summer .
she likes bananas , strawberries , and oranges .
france is never warm during january , but it is relaxing in september .
china is usually quiet during june , but it is relaxing in september .
the peach is their least liked fruit , but the mango is my least liked .
france is usually busy during may , but it is usually nice in february .
i like peaches , limes , and bananas .
he drives the old white car .
california is never nice during summer , but it is never beautiful in april .
did he like france ?
france is usually snowy during april , but it is usually mild in autumn .
he drives that new green car .
france is mild during fall , and it is never nice in december .
my least favorite fruit is the lemon , but your least favorite is the apple .
the united states is sometimes freezing during december , and it is mild in february .
china is sometimes chilly during march , and it is usually pleasant in may .
india is usually freezing during march , and it is hot in fall .
the united states is sometimes hot during spring , and it is sometimes snowy in december .
she likes oranges , apples , and peaches .
france is never wet during winter , but it is never mild in january .
he likes bananas , lemons , and pears .
india is sometimes pleasant during june , but it is never mild in february .
new jersey is usually rainy during september , but it is sometimes wet in winter .
we dislike mangoes , oranges , and limes.
california is sometimes nice during august , but it is beautiful in spring .
india is freezing during april , but it is usually beautiful in october .
california is usually rainy during june , but it is sometimes freezing in fall .
france is wonderful during autumn , but it is never freezing in august .
i dislike bananas , lemons , and pears .
she likes peaches , lemons , and oranges .
paris is sometimes chilly during march , but it is relaxing in september .
he likes pears , grapes , and grapefruit .
france is dry during august , and it is usually wet in october .
france is sometimes wonderful during may , but it is usually wet in february .
paris is mild during september , but it is busy in july .
france is pleasant during june , but it is sometimes quiet in july .
china is beautiful during august , but it is usually cold in december .
she dislikes that rusty yellow automobile .
the united states is usually freezing during may , but it is never nice in november .
he likes a big blue truck .
the united states is sometimes freezing during august , and it is usually hot in summer .
paris is sometimes wet during december , but it is hot in spring .
paris is never relaxing during spring , but it is busy in summer .
the united states is freezing during june , and it is never warm in autumn .
california is never freezing during april , and it is usually dry in fall .
france is never mild during spring , and it is usually hot in november .
paris is usually beautiful during summer , and it is pleasant in winter .
she likes strawberries , oranges , and limes .
that elephant was my most feared animal .
california is usually mild during january , and it is sometimes dry in may .
the grape is his least favorite fruit , but the mango is their least favorite.
new jersey is cold during june , but it is usually snowy in april .
paris is wet during may , but it is sometimes snowy in july .
he dislikes mangoes , bananas , and peaches .
the united states is usually wet during february , but it is never hot in march .
his most loved fruit is the orange , but her most loved is the peach .
he dislikes strawberries , oranges , and limes .
china is sometimes freezing during fall , but it is sometimes dry in spring .
he dislikes lemons , peaches , and limes.
she dislikes strawberries , pears , and peaches .
he dislikes that new white automobile .
they went to california last autumn .
new jersey is quiet during july , but it is sometimes mild in summer .
new jersey is cold during april , and it is never pleasant in june .
france is rainy during july , and it is quiet in april .
paris is usually wet during december , but it is nice in august .
the peach is her least liked fruit , but the mango is their least liked .
the united states is usually quiet during december , but it is sometimes snowy in november .
new jersey is never wet during october , but it is usually warm in april .
you like pears , peaches , and grapefruit .
the apple is his least favorite fruit , but the strawberry is your least favorite .
the united states is sometimes dry during spring , but it is sometimes cold in october .
my least favorite animal is that rabbit .
california is usually relaxing during january , and it is never quiet in february .
we dislike pears , lemons , and peaches .
france is never nice during september , and it is snowy in spring .
the united states is usually wet during june , and it is cold in october .
china is never nice during may , but it is never rainy in february .
india is warm during january , but it is usually nice in june .
he likes the old yellow automobile .
the orange is their least liked fruit , but the apple is her least liked .
the lime is her favorite fruit , but the peach is his favorite .
the orange is his least favorite fruit , but the apple is your least favorite .
france is usually wonderful during october , and it is usually quiet in autumn .
paris is sometimes relaxing during august , but it is sometimes wet in november .
the pear is your least liked fruit , but the peach is his least liked .
the strawberry is your most loved fruit , but the mango is her most loved.
her favorite fruit is the strawberry , but their favorite is the peach .
i dislike bananas , oranges , and apples .
they like limes , apples , and grapefruit.
the united states is never relaxing during july , but it is sometimes nice in april .
my favorite fruit is the peach , but their favorite is the apple .
the pear is our most loved fruit , but the banana is my most loved .
my least favorite fruit is the peach , but her least favorite is the pear .
the united states is never quiet during november , but it is chilly in summer .
the banana is their favorite fruit , but the pear is her favorite .
paris is sometimes rainy during fall , but it is usually nice in spring .
california is usually relaxing during february , and it is usually wonderful in winter .
we dislike bananas and limes .
paris is dry during spring , and it is usually busy in summer .
my least favorite fruit is the lime , but their least favorite is the mango .
the united states is relaxing during may , and it is wonderful in june .
they like strawberries , oranges , and grapefruit .
i like grapefruit , peaches , and lemons .
they dislike mangoes.
new jersey is sometimes mild during winter , but it is usually warm in autumn .
paris is never mild during december , and it is never dry in summer .
china is usually quiet during winter , but it is sometimes busy in summer .
the united states is never wonderful during summer , but it is sometimes busy in august .
she likes grapefruit , peaches , and bananas .
paris is sometimes warm during december , and it is sometimes chilly in september .
california is rainy during march , but it is sometimes warm in winter .
the united states is warm during february , but it is cold in winter .
she likes apples , mangoes , and lemons .
india is warm during march , but it is never beautiful in fall .
my most loved fruit is the peach , but your most loved is the pear .
our most loved fruit is the lime , but their most loved is the pear.
the orange is her favorite fruit , but the mango is our favorite .
india is usually dry during april , but it is sometimes mild in fall .
china is sometimes busy during june , and it is never rainy in february .
my most loved animal was the lion .
india is rainy during december , and it is never cold in summer .
the orange is his favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is my favorite .
they like oranges , limes , and mangoes .
new jersey is quiet during february , but it is rainy in august .
he saw the old yellow car .
india is nice during summer , and it is busy in january .
my least liked fruit is the grapefruit , but her least liked is the peach .
california is sometimes cold during winter , and it is never snowy in march .
i dislike grapefruit , bananas , and oranges .
paris is sometimes wet during january , and it is never mild in july .
france is sometimes mild during autumn , and it is relaxing in fall .
his least liked fruit is the strawberry , but their least liked is the grapefruit .
paris is usually quiet during may , and it is sometimes chilly in july .
the united states is usually hot during autumn , but it is never nice in january .
china is usually wonderful during april , but it is usually warm in june .
she dislikes grapefruit , pears , and oranges .
the united states is sometimes warm during august , but it is dry in march .
china is usually freezing during january , and it is snowy in february .
i dislike apples , mangoes , and strawberries .
paris is warm during july , and it is pleasant in fall .
your least favorite fruit is the banana , but his least favorite is the mango .
her favorite fruit is the peach , but their favorite is the lime .
the orange is our most loved fruit , but the peach is her most loved .
the pear is their most loved fruit , but the lime is his most loved .
new jersey is usually chilly during june , but it is snowy in january .
california is never beautiful during october , but it is wet in june .
she likes strawberries , mangoes , and lemons .
she dislikes lemons , pears , and oranges .
new jersey is usually wet during march , and it is warm in october .
france is sometimes nice during summer , but it is rainy in january .
he likes oranges , limes , and grapefruit .
china is sometimes chilly during december , but it is usually busy in june .
my least liked fruit is the grapefruit , but her least liked is the strawberry .
california is sometimes quiet during december , and it is sometimes mild in april .
california is never rainy during march , but it is usually wet in may .
our favorite fruit is the banana , but my favorite is the mango .
california is beautiful during may , and it is wonderful in september .
the united states is usually beautiful during may , but it is sometimes chilly in autumn .
i like apples , grapes , and grapefruit .
china is never nice during october , but it is never quiet in january .
new jersey is usually busy during autumn , and it is never freezing in june .
he likes oranges , apples , and strawberries .
the united states is usually snowy during march , and it is never chilly in january .
she dislikes lemons , peaches , and limes .
france is sometimes hot during spring , but it is usually nice in may .
the united states is usually relaxing during winter , and it is hot in january .
california is dry during march , and it is usually busy in spring .
china is never hot during january , and it is warm in april .
the peach is our least favorite fruit , but the pear is her least favorite .
the united states is usually rainy during may , but it is sometimes nice in march .
the united states is never wet during june , and it is usually freezing in summer .
paris is relaxing during december , but it is nice in january .
china is never mild during january , but it is cold in winter .
we plan to visit the united states next winter .
new jersey is usually wonderful during october , but it is usually dry in july .
china is relaxing during june , but it is sometimes beautiful in november .
france is sometimes busy during february , but it is sometimes wonderful in autumn .
china is usually mild during summer , and it is sometimes wonderful in winter .
the united states is usually snowy during june , but it is warm in may .
the peach is their favorite fruit , but the mango is her favorite .
you like lemons , grapefruit , and peaches .
the united states is sometimes pleasant during winter , and it is busy in october .
she dislikes oranges , grapefruit , and limes .
we like pears , grapefruit , and strawberries .
the apple is our least favorite fruit , but the pear is their least favorite .
the united states is beautiful during december , and it is usually warm in autumn .
the united states is sometimes dry during summer , and it is quiet in march .
china is sometimes chilly during autumn , but it is snowy in spring .
the united states is cold during autumn , but it is never rainy in may .
china is sometimes wet during april , but it is usually beautiful in june .
the lime is our favorite fruit , but the strawberry is my favorite.
india is sometimes wonderful during june , and it is sometimes relaxing in winter .
france is never rainy during march , and it is usually cold in summer .
the united states is wet during october , and it is sometimes rainy in fall .
california is usually chilly during spring , but it is nice in autumn .
she dislikes oranges , peaches , and lemons .
he likes that rusty red car .
california is sometimes freezing during june , and it is beautiful in november .
france is beautiful during summer , and it is never freezing in april .
their most loved fruit is the orange , but my most loved is the grape .
you like limes , oranges , and mangoes.
china is sometimes dry during june , but it is never quiet in autumn .
france is sometimes wet during march , but it is usually chilly in april .
china is never pleasant during autumn , but it is freezing in december .
china is busy during november , but it is wonderful in june .
her favorite fruit is the strawberry , but his favorite is the pear .
china is usually nice during april , but it is usually cold in june .
china is warm during july , and it is sometimes chilly in january .
the united states is sometimes mild during summer , but it is sometimes snowy in october .
the grape is my least favorite fruit , but the lime is our least favorite.
new jersey is sometimes relaxing during april , and it is usually rainy in july .
she dislikes mangoes , oranges , and grapefruit .
california is sometimes freezing during december , but it is nice in june .
the united states is freezing during july , and it is usually mild in april .
france is sometimes cold during fall , but it is never hot in summer .
new jersey is usually mild during autumn , but it is usually snowy in march .
france is pleasant during february , but it is beautiful in september .
the peach is our favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is your favorite .
the united states is sometimes wonderful during winter , but it is sometimes rainy in february .
california is pleasant during february , but it is warm in august .
she liked a little green truck .
we like oranges , strawberries , and apples .
france is usually chilly during february , and it is sometimes pleasant in april .
new jersey is hot during november , but it is never pleasant in winter .
california is sometimes quiet during july , and it is never rainy in april .
paris is sometimes quiet during april , and it is snowy in summer .
the united states is warm during april , and it is sometimes mild in september .
the grapefruit is her favorite fruit , but the apple is your favorite .
he dislikes lemons and apples.
california is mild during autumn , and it is usually beautiful in april .
she dislikes oranges , limes , and pears .
they like peaches , mangoes , and grapefruit .
she dislikes bananas , strawberries , and peaches .
france is usually pleasant during august , but it is wonderful in june .
china is usually quiet during june , and it is never beautiful in october .
the united states is sometimes beautiful during june , and it is never nice in august .
china is usually rainy during december , and it is beautiful in summer .
china is usually nice during september , but it is freezing in july .
france is never warm during summer , but it is never rainy in august .
he disliked that old black automobile .
france is dry during april , but it is usually warm in fall .
the united states is usually dry during august , and it is sometimes wet in november .
india is usually beautiful during july , and it is usually dry in april .
paris is freezing during autumn , and it is sometimes mild in may .
paris is usually beautiful during june , and it is usually wonderful in august .
paris is never wet during september , but it is sometimes rainy in june .
california is nice during august , but it is sometimes quiet in september .
she likes peaches , mangoes , and grapefruit .
france is usually dry during may , and it is wet in august .
paris is usually beautiful during spring , and it is never quiet in july .
their least liked fruit is the pear , but our least liked is the lime .
china is never wet during july , and it is sometimes nice in spring .
california is never beautiful during june , and it is hot in october .
new jersey is sometimes rainy during december , and it is never pleasant in april .
india is usually wonderful during october , and it is usually busy in fall .
france is sometimes nice during spring , but it is sometimes chilly in june .
paris is sometimes wonderful during winter , and it is usually beautiful in october .
their most loved fruit is the peach , but our most loved is the lemon .
paris is cold during january , but it is sometimes rainy in summer .
india is never busy during may , and it is snowy in july .
the orange is your least liked fruit , but the strawberry is our least liked .
india is sometimes quiet during july , but it is never nice in spring .
your favorite fruit is the orange , but my favorite is the strawberry .
california is usually hot during february , and it is quiet in august .
he likes strawberries , pears , and peaches .
france is usually rainy during february , but it is usually beautiful in july .
france is sometimes hot during may , and it is never nice in february .
paris is beautiful during summer , and it is hot in may .
paris is sometimes relaxing during may , and it is usually warm in april .
paris is warm during autumn , and it is usually pleasant in winter .
the united states is usually wonderful during spring , and it is sometimes quiet in november .
india is never freezing during september , but it is never pleasant in october .
the mango is his least favorite fruit , but the lime is my least favorite .
our least favorite fruit is the banana , but her least favorite is the grapefruit .
the united states is usually hot during january , but it is never busy in september .
new jersey is usually relaxing during august , but it is usually cold in march .
i dislike limes and peaches.
i like oranges , apples , and grapes .
france is never chilly during winter , but it is nice in january .
new jersey is usually busy during fall , but it is nice in june .
china is sometimes rainy during october , but it is usually nice in july .
china is usually cold during winter , but it is usually snowy in december .
france is never wet during november , and it is never wonderful in winter .
the united states is usually busy during august , and it is never warm in may .
he is driving a new black car .
the lime is their least favorite fruit , but the lemon is our least favorite.
the united states is sometimes dry during february , but it is usually pleasant in august .
their most loved fruit is the lemon , but my most loved is the orange .
new jersey is wonderful during october , and it is sometimes snowy in january .
india is wonderful during may , but it is never freezing in april .
the lime is my least liked fruit , but the lemon is his least liked .
the grape is their least liked fruit , but the lemon is his least liked .
she likes oranges , peaches , and bananas .
india is sometimes freezing during june , and it is never warm in april .
he dislikes limes and grapes .
the grapefruit is my favorite fruit , but the mango is our favorite .
paris is warm during april , and it is usually dry in march .
paris is usually nice during february , but it is sometimes chilly in spring .
she likes oranges , apples , and grapefruit .
they dislike grapefruit , peaches , and oranges .
they plan to visit china next february .
the united states is relaxing during spring , and it is usually quiet in december .
paris is usually wet during winter , but it is dry in october .
china is never nice during november , and it is usually busy in january .
this bear is his least favorite animal .
paris is sometimes nice during november , and it is sometimes snowy in february .
she likes strawberries , peaches , and grapes .
she might go to new jersey next march .
california is sometimes warm during november , but it is never chilly in december .
my most loved fruit is the grape , but their most loved is the strawberry.
france is never warm during december , and it is nice in fall .
california is usually wet during october , but it is sometimes dry in november .
the apple is your least liked fruit , but the pear is his least liked .
she likes lemons , oranges , and bananas.
he disliked a shiny red automobile .
the united states is sometimes wet during summer , and it is usually dry in february .
new jersey is wet during may , but it is cold in december .
california is usually chilly during june , and it is snowy in autumn .
the orange is her least liked fruit , but the banana is his least liked .
her most loved fruit is the strawberry , but your most loved is the grape .
california is busy during june , and it is sometimes snowy in autumn .
paris is sometimes freezing during september , and it is never wet in june .
paris is wet during summer , and it is sometimes hot in december .
new jersey is usually cold during november , and it is never relaxing in may .
new jersey is usually freezing during september , but it is usually warm in july .
your most loved fruit is the orange , but their most loved is the apple .
new jersey is mild during september , and it is sometimes nice in summer .
the peach is our least favorite fruit , but the apple is your least favorite .
the peach is your most loved fruit , but the lime is my most loved .
the strawberry is our most loved fruit , but the orange is her most loved.
they dislike pears , oranges , and lemons .
she is going to california next february .
he wanted to go to india last april .
france is sometimes warm during march , and it is usually pleasant in winter .
they dislike lemons , grapes , and strawberries .
paris is never warm during spring , but it is usually snowy in september .
the banana is their most loved fruit , but the grapefruit is her most loved .
the united states is sometimes chilly during july , and it is sometimes mild in fall .
china is usually busy during spring , and it is never pleasant in april .
china is usually rainy during spring , and it is sometimes relaxing in june .
the united states is never busy during february , and it is wonderful in august .
our least liked fruit is the pear , but my least liked is the apple .
china is sometimes mild during summer , and it is never busy in january .
france is never wonderful during june , and it is sometimes mild in november .
she disliked a rusty blue car .
he plans to visit france in spring .
the united states is quiet during november , but it is usually relaxing in winter .
paris is sometimes beautiful during summer , and it is never freezing in july .
california is sometimes chilly during june , and it is snowy in summer .
china is never quiet during november , but it is never cold in february .
california is sometimes busy during may , and it is sometimes dry in autumn .
france is usually beautiful during april , and it is never freezing in august .
their least favorite fruit is the grape , but our least favorite is the pear .
france is usually busy during october , but it is sometimes relaxing in autumn .
she saw the rusty red automobile .
new jersey is sometimes dry during may , but it is usually rainy in autumn .
i dislike pears , mangoes , and lemons .
china is usually wet during fall , but it is usually chilly in spring .
china is never pleasant during january , but it is never beautiful in summer .
france is usually wet during january , and it is snowy in june .
paris is sometimes snowy during october , but it is usually quiet in august .
france is sometimes beautiful during may , but it is never busy in february .
new jersey is usually hot during february , but it is busy in june .
i dislike oranges , grapefruit , and grapes .
paris is dry during autumn , and it is sometimes cold in spring .
new jersey is sometimes nice during june , but it is never relaxing in september .
paris is mild during january , and it is usually relaxing in february .
their least favorite fruit is the banana , but his least favorite is the orange .
the united states is usually chilly during february , but it is sometimes nice in summer .
he dislikes grapes , mangoes , and pears.
the mango is her most loved fruit , but the lime is your most loved .
she likes grapes , peaches , and strawberries.
california is sometimes pleasant during winter , but it is never quiet in november .
her most loved fruit is the apple , but his most loved is the mango .
he was driving a rusty green car .
his most loved fruit is the peach , but my most loved is the strawberry .
the united states is hot during june , but it is usually pleasant in march .
the united states is sometimes snowy during november , and it is cold in august .
you like limes , lemons , and oranges.
france is usually mild during summer , but it is sometimes pleasant in july .
france is never relaxing during spring , but it is quiet in february .
china is usually rainy during september , and it is usually wet in june .
california is sometimes hot during autumn , and it is never mild in july .
she dislikes grapefruit , lemons , and bananas .
the united states is chilly during fall , and it is sometimes rainy in december .
he dislikes peaches , limes , and grapefruit .
their most loved fruit is the strawberry , but his most loved is the lemon.
the banana is their least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is my least liked .
new jersey is usually cold during november , but it is rainy in winter .
india is usually relaxing during autumn , but it is sometimes wet in april .
my most feared animals are cats .
she likes strawberries , grapes , and peaches .
the grape is your least favorite fruit , but the pear is his least favorite .
china is chilly during june , but it is usually busy in august .
india is usually warm during july , but it is usually mild in february .
california is usually busy during june , but it is never mild in january .
paris is never snowy during july , but it is wet in june .
new jersey is never rainy during fall , and it is wonderful in april .
they dislike mangoes and bananas.
india is freezing during autumn , but it is sometimes relaxing in fall .
paris is sometimes beautiful during fall , and it is sometimes relaxing in may .
france is usually beautiful during summer , and it is wonderful in fall .
china is never chilly during december , and it is usually warm in october .
the orange is his most loved fruit , but the grape is their most loved .
paris is sometimes pleasant during fall , but it is sometimes dry in april .
china is never quiet during july , and it is beautiful in fall .
paris is sometimes cold during september , but it is busy in march .
her most loved fruit is the pear , but our most loved is the mango .
she likes bananas , apples , and limes .
china is sometimes quiet during winter , and it is nice in december .
france is sometimes nice during november , and it is usually busy in spring .
he likes grapes , peaches , and mangoes.
he dislikes limes , grapefruit , and strawberries .
you dislike peaches , lemons , and pears .
his favorite fruit is the apple , but their favorite is the grapefruit .
his most loved fruit is the apple .
france is sometimes freezing during summer , but it is usually hot in autumn .
new jersey is sometimes busy during october , and it is sometimes freezing in july .
she likes apples , pears , and grapes .
the united states is usually nice during december , and it is sometimes mild in autumn .
california is sometimes hot during april , and it is sometimes quiet in november .
their most loved fruit is the peach , but my most loved is the lemon .
your least favorite animal is that rabbit .
the united states is mild during february , but it is hot in july .
my least favorite fruit is the pear , but their least favorite is the mango .
china is never quiet during december , and it is mild in june .
why are we going to california ?
california is usually hot during december , and it is never dry in autumn .
the banana is your least liked fruit , but the grape is our least liked .
france is mild during january , but it is never pleasant in may .
she dislikes mangoes , bananas , and limes.
california is dry during december , and it is never warm in spring .
california is usually wet during february , but it is usually freezing in september .
india is dry during spring , and it is never freezing in december .
new jersey is sometimes dry during november , and it is usually busy in march .
our least favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but your least favorite is the peach .
my most loved fruit is the orange , but your most loved is the grape .
i dislike limes , apples , and grapefruit.
china is usually chilly during september , but it is never wet in november .
the lemon is her most loved fruit , but the mango is your most loved .
new jersey is sometimes wonderful during january , but it is quiet in april .
india is usually snowy during april , but it is pleasant in august .
california is relaxing during summer , but it is snowy in fall .
china is usually nice during december , but it is usually hot in october .
the united states is nice during september , and it is sometimes mild in november .
they like mangoes , grapes , and lemons.
i dislike pears , bananas , and limes .
paris is sometimes nice during summer , and it is sometimes snowy in november .
the united states is sometimes warm during august , and it is sometimes wet in december .
india is sometimes nice during january , but it is mild in april .
he plans to visit new jersey in july .
new jersey is usually wonderful during winter , but it is cold in may .
france is usually snowy during november , but it is sometimes hot in august .
their most loved fruit is the pear , but his most loved is the peach .
the dog was your most loved animal .
france is sometimes snowy during winter , and it is never rainy in november .
new jersey is usually beautiful during august , and it is sometimes busy in november .
france is sometimes wonderful during fall , and it is rainy in december .
france is sometimes dry during autumn , but it is usually nice in november .
new jersey is sometimes snowy during july , but it is sometimes wonderful in may .
she dislikes that old black car .
france is never nice during fall , and it is wonderful in april .
france is wonderful during autumn , but it is never rainy in november .
france is never beautiful during september , and it is relaxing in august .
india is usually hot during october , but it is relaxing in spring .
she dislikes apples , oranges , and pears .
his favorite animal is that snake .
she wants to go to paris next fall .
new jersey is sometimes beautiful during march , and it is chilly in summer .
california is nice during september , but it is rainy in spring .
the strawberry is our most loved fruit , but the orange is their most loved.
the united states is rainy during october , but it is never mild in march .
india is sometimes dry during july , but it is never warm in may .
france is never wonderful during august , and it is sometimes quiet in september .
california is warm during march , and it is quiet in october .
california is never freezing during september , but it is quiet in april .
she dislikes peaches , grapefruit , and pears .
paris is usually quiet during december , and it is sometimes warm in fall .
california is usually dry during april , and it is quiet in september .
china is never warm during summer , but it is never dry in january .
india is relaxing during spring , but it is never cold in june .
the united states is usually busy during august , but it is never wonderful in fall .
you like grapes , lemons , and oranges .
the mango is his most loved fruit , but the peach is your most loved .
china is busy during july , but it is sometimes wonderful in april .
india is sometimes dry during february , but it is never freezing in winter .
the united states is sometimes wonderful during autumn , and it is usually beautiful in december .
her most loved fruit is the grape , but my most loved is the lime.
we like oranges , lemons , and peaches .
their most loved fruit is the strawberry , but his most loved is the peach.
india is never freezing during summer , and it is rainy in april .
he was driving the big black car .
the orange is our least liked fruit , but the strawberry is their least liked .
my most loved fruit is the lime , but your most loved is the mango .
they like mangoes , strawberries , and apples.
the united states is cold during july , and it is usually quiet in january .
she dislikes grapefruit , mangoes , and limes .
paris is sometimes beautiful during april , but it is never rainy in february .
he likes grapes , bananas , and apples.
china is usually rainy during january , but it is never quiet in winter .
he dislikes bananas , oranges , and grapefruit .
paris is never beautiful during may , but it is mild in june .
the orange is my most loved fruit , but the grapefruit is your most loved .
he dislikes a rusty black automobile .
california is snowy during september , but it is busy in may .
california is cold during september , and it is sometimes relaxing in may .
his least liked fruit is the banana , but their least liked is the apple .
paris is never dry during spring , and it is beautiful in november .
my least favorite fruit is the orange , but your least favorite is the banana .
california is usually freezing during october , but it is sometimes dry in may .
india is usually beautiful during november , and it is never busy in september .
he dislikes apples , grapefruit , and lemons .
she likes peaches , grapes , and grapefruit .
california is usually quiet during august , and it is hot in january .
california is never wet during spring , and it is never chilly in june .
the united states is mild during november , and it is never chilly in september .
the lime is their favorite fruit , but the peach is his favorite .
the bird is his most feared animal .
the united states is sometimes quiet during october , but it is usually cold in february .
her most loved fruit is the pear , but their most loved is the orange .
he likes strawberries , mangoes , and bananas .
india is never dry during february , but it is mild in fall .
the peach is their most loved fruit , but the grape is your most loved .
paris is never busy during winter , and it is never wonderful in march .
india is mild during autumn , and it is never dry in summer .
france is never nice during january , and it is pleasant in autumn .
china is usually snowy during may , and it is wonderful in february .
your least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but my least favorite is the banana.
his favorite fruit is the grape , but your favorite is the peach.
your most feared animals were elephants .
she dislikes grapes , apples , and mangoes .
he disliked that big green car .
france is usually freezing during february , and it is never cold in june .
i dislike pears , grapes , and oranges .
china is pleasant during february , but it is sometimes beautiful in november .
our least favorite fruit is the pear , but their least favorite is the lime .
i dislike bananas , mangoes , and strawberries .
new jersey is cold during february , but it is never freezing in spring .
we like apples , grapefruit , and strawberries .
new jersey is never pleasant during fall , but it is sometimes dry in august .
he likes peaches , pears , and mangoes .
the united states is dry during summer , but it is sometimes snowy in march .
france is never wet during summer , but it is never rainy in february .
she likes apples , pears , and peaches .
they went to india last october .
the banana is your most loved fruit , but the orange is his most loved .
she dislikes strawberries , pears , and limes .
she dislikes bananas , strawberries , and grapes .
she likes limes , grapes , and strawberries .
china is never hot during summer , but it is sometimes freezing in may .
paris is nice during may , but it is wonderful in july .
china is never freezing during april , and it is sometimes wet in may .
the united states is usually wet during spring , and it is usually freezing in september .
california is sometimes rainy during october , and it is sometimes pleasant in june .
your least liked fruit is the grape , but his least liked is the grapefruit .
they like lemons , strawberries , and grapefruit .
france is warm during july , but it is never dry in december .
my most loved fruit is the banana , but our most loved is the strawberry .
the strawberry is your least favorite fruit , but the mango is my least favorite.
china is wet during may , and it is sometimes warm in april .
france is usually snowy during march , and it is sometimes wonderful in august .
paris is never hot during october , and it is quiet in september .
he likes limes , bananas , and strawberries .
i dislike bananas and lemons .
california is never chilly during april , and it is sometimes busy in summer .
my favorite animal is the elephant .
the peach is your favorite fruit , but the grape is her favorite .
india is usually dry during december , but it is never beautiful in february .
the lemon is their least liked fruit , but the strawberry is your least liked .
paris is relaxing during february , and it is busy in april .
the peach is their least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is his least liked .
she likes the big green automobile .
new jersey is relaxing during june , and it is snowy in autumn .
california is wonderful during june , but it is never freezing in march .
china is sometimes wonderful during april , but it is never snowy in winter .
she likes grapefruit , mangoes , and strawberries .
she is driving a big black car .
she dislikes strawberries , pears , and grapefruit .
are you going to india ?
china is beautiful during summer , but it is sometimes cold in december .
the united states is sometimes pleasant during summer , but it is quiet in september .
he likes limes , peaches , and bananas .
france is mild during fall , and it is usually beautiful in september .
his least favorite fruit is the pear , but our least favorite is the peach .
she plans to visit new jersey next october .
china is sometimes snowy during february , and it is usually beautiful in winter .
the united states is usually cold during february , but it is never chilly in winter .
he likes peaches and mangoes .
he likes strawberries , bananas , and peaches .
california is busy during winter , and it is never cold in fall .
he plans to visit paris next february .
the united states is sometimes wonderful during january , and it is wet in july .
she disliked the big green automobile .
you like lemons , peaches , and apples .
france is never cold during october , and it is dry in june .
paris is rainy during autumn , but it is usually chilly in fall .
china is sometimes relaxing during june , but it is mild in january .
the united states is never pleasant during fall , and it is never chilly in june .
the united states is wonderful during may , but it is never cold in january .
paris is beautiful during summer , but it is sometimes hot in june .
france is warm during september , but it is sometimes beautiful in november .
they want to go to the united states next summer .
the united states is sometimes hot during february , and it is sometimes wonderful in march .
paris is never cold during april , and it is busy in winter .
china is never snowy during june , but it is wonderful in october .
the united states is sometimes warm during may , but it is cold in summer .
their least favorite fruit is the apple , but our least favorite is the lemon .
new jersey is sometimes quiet during autumn , but it is usually pleasant in june .
india is hot during january , and it is never warm in february .
paris is mild during summer , and it is never wet in november .
he dislikes pears , grapes , and limes .
the united states is rainy during july , and it is wet in winter .
the united states is usually wet during february , but it is sometimes busy in march .
he likes strawberries and bananas .
his favorite fruit is the lemon , but my favorite is the strawberry .
our least liked fruit is the strawberry , but your least liked is the lime.
france is never wet during autumn , but it is usually quiet in november .
new jersey is hot during summer , and it is never dry in august .
the apple is my most loved fruit , but the grapefruit is their most loved .
the united states is never mild during february , but it is busy in spring .
she went to france last november .
they like apples , bananas , and pears .
france is never wet during fall , and it is usually relaxing in november .
india is sometimes relaxing during february , and it is sometimes quiet in fall .
paris is sometimes cold during september , but it is wonderful in december .
her favorite fruit is the strawberry , but his favorite is the orange .
you dislike apples , grapes , and pears .
california is usually cold during november , and it is usually nice in summer .
china is sometimes nice during november , but it is cold in autumn .
her least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but his least favorite is the lemon .
paris is usually chilly during february , and it is sometimes hot in april .
you like grapes , peaches , and pears .
india is never wet during march , but it is never mild in july .
california is sometimes busy during summer , and it is usually mild in october .
china is sometimes freezing during june , but it is usually chilly in february .
the strawberry is his least favorite fruit , but the orange is our least favorite .
she dislikes mangoes , limes , and grapefruit.
france is never freezing during march , and it is usually wet in summer .
she likes peaches , lemons , and mangoes .
china is usually chilly during june , but it is sometimes busy in february .
she liked that shiny blue car .
they dislike peaches , pears , and apples .
new jersey is never quiet during may , and it is usually wet in june .
the lime is my favorite fruit , but the strawberry is their favorite .
california is sometimes rainy during spring , and it is hot in december .
we like limes , bananas , and oranges.
new jersey is wonderful during fall , and it is sometimes wet in december .
he likes apples , bananas , and grapefruit .
california is chilly during fall , and it is cold in may .
his least favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but my least favorite is the strawberry.
new jersey is quiet during december , but it is usually pleasant in autumn .
california is usually mild during april , but it is never chilly in winter .
the orange is his most loved fruit , but the pear is your most loved .
france is sometimes quiet during november , but it is never wonderful in october .
your least favorite animal was the cat .
we dislike limes , mangoes , and pears.
the banana is our least liked fruit , but the lemon is his least liked .
paris is warm during december , but it is sometimes beautiful in november .
the united states is usually wonderful during winter , but it is never snowy in spring .
she likes strawberries , grapefruit , and mangoes .
california is pleasant during april , but it is usually cold in october .
do you think translating between french and english is fun ?
their least favorite fruit is the peach , but his least favorite is the orange .
i like bananas , grapes , and strawberries .
the united states is never mild during january , but it is sometimes nice in september .
paris is never hot during october , and it is sometimes wet in march .
paris is busy during july , and it is hot in october .
the orange is our least liked fruit , but the pear is my least liked .
her most loved fruit is the pear , but my most loved is the strawberry .
she is driving the little red truck .
she dislikes oranges , limes , and mangoes .
india is sometimes nice during august , but it is pleasant in january .
new jersey is never hot during autumn , and it is sometimes rainy in june .
i like apples , pears , and grapes .
california is sometimes beautiful during august , but it is usually chilly in september .
india is never quiet during march , but it is wonderful in october .
they like mangoes , oranges , and grapes.
china is never mild during autumn , but it is quiet in spring .
india is never hot during autumn , and it is usually busy in summer .
france is never relaxing during october , but it is usually dry in may .
california is usually quiet during july , but it is usually beautiful in june .
paris is relaxing during may , and it is never warm in october .
china is usually cold during july , and it is never chilly in february .
the united states is usually beautiful during august , but it is usually hot in autumn .
india is beautiful during autumn , but it is usually pleasant in november .
new jersey is never busy during autumn , and it is wet in october .
you dislike pears , grapefruit , and mangoes .
the united states is sometimes rainy during may , and it is usually cold in august .
he likes mangoes , grapefruit , and bananas .
india is beautiful during may , and it is sometimes hot in july .
california is usually wet during spring , and it is never rainy in february .
he dislikes strawberries , peaches , and apples .
he likes mangoes , limes , and oranges .
they went to the united states last january .
paris is quiet during november , and it is dry in august .
california is sometimes cold during winter , but it is sometimes snowy in february .
paris is never beautiful during fall , but it is chilly in september .
china is never wet during winter , but it is sometimes rainy in october .
paris is usually warm during november , and it is sometimes wet in may .
new jersey is usually warm during september , and it is usually chilly in april .
the united states is usually nice during november , and it is never mild in may .
india is sometimes warm during march , and it is never wonderful in april .
their favorite fruit is the lime , but my favorite is the pear .
india is nice during february , but it is sometimes quiet in july .
china is usually relaxing during april , and it is snowy in february .
his most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but our most loved is the orange.
india is usually snowy during autumn , and it is usually hot in september .
paris is usually warm during march , and it is sometimes busy in december .
the pear is their favorite fruit , but the mango is his favorite .
the banana is her least favorite fruit , but the strawberry is my least favorite .
how was your visit to new jersey last march ?
he dislikes grapefruit , lemons , and mangoes .
i like grapes , apples , and lemons .
you like strawberries , bananas , and limes .
he likes limes , bananas , and oranges .
new jersey is usually dry during november , but it is never beautiful in march .
china is sometimes pleasant during spring , but it is never hot in summer .
i dislike grapes , peaches , and strawberries .
her least favorite fruit is the peach , but their least favorite is the grapefruit .
china is sometimes cold during june , but it is sometimes rainy in may .
california is never dry during may , but it is usually nice in october .
the apple is your least favorite fruit , but the grape is our least favorite .
he is driving that big blue truck .
i dislike strawberries and oranges .
the strawberry is your most loved fruit , but the orange is my most loved.
india is usually wonderful during december , but it is usually snowy in june .
the mango is her most loved fruit , but the peach is his most loved .
france is sometimes hot during spring , but it is sometimes pleasant in september .
china is sometimes busy during september , and it is usually quiet in winter .
india is never busy during november , and it is usually beautiful in may .
china is never nice during summer , but it is usually hot in october .
china is rainy during spring , and it is sometimes beautiful in november .
he dislikes bananas , pears , and strawberries .
france is never rainy during march , and it is never snowy in december .
he likes lemons , bananas , and oranges.
california is never beautiful during summer , but it is usually dry in december .
they like pears , oranges , and limes .
france is never relaxing during july , but it is wet in autumn .
the peach is his least liked fruit , but the strawberry is their least liked .
france is sometimes wet during june , but it is hot in march .
we dislike lemons , oranges , and mangoes .
my favorite fruit is the strawberry , but our favorite is the mango.
paris is usually hot during fall , but it is usually relaxing in october .
he plans to visit paris in autumn .
their most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but her most loved is the lime .
china is usually warm during april , and it is sometimes hot in june .
india is never cold during january , but it is sometimes pleasant in november .
your least favorite fruit is the lemon , but her least favorite is the peach .
they like oranges , peaches , and grapes .
their least favorite fruit is the peach , but our least favorite is the lime .
india is usually snowy during summer , and it is sometimes hot in december .
his least favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but her least favorite is the apple.
india is wet during june , but it is nice in summer .
how was the weather in the united states last june ?
the grape is your least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is my least liked .
china is rainy during october , but it is usually pleasant in autumn .
her favorite fruit is the pear , but our favorite is the lemon .
she dislikes oranges , strawberries , and mangoes .
new jersey is usually cold during summer , but it is never freezing in august .
india is never nice during april , but it is busy in august .
i dislike mangoes , oranges , and limes.
new jersey is usually rainy during july , but it is usually dry in winter .
she likes mangoes , oranges , and pears .
paris is wonderful during spring , but it is chilly in april .
india is wonderful during november , and it is dry in december .
he wanted to go to china last december .
strawberries are his least favorite fruit .
her most loved fruit is the grape , but my most loved is the strawberry.
we dislike limes and oranges.
the united states is sometimes cold during autumn , but it is never mild in october .
the lemon is his most loved fruit , but the grapefruit is my most loved .
her least favorite animal is the rabbit .
china is hot during autumn , but it is busy in july .
she is going to paris next winter .
new jersey is never mild during september , but it is never freezing in august .
the grapefruit is their least favorite fruit , but the grape is my least favorite .
i dislike grapefruit and peaches .
the united states is sometimes warm during april , and it is never mild in march .
paris is sometimes busy during november , but it is usually cold in march .
his most loved fruit is the banana , but your most loved is the peach .
france is sometimes nice during december , and it is sometimes freezing in fall .
france is sometimes quiet during winter , and it is hot in november .
paris is sometimes freezing during august , but it is chilly in january .
france is sometimes cold during august , and it is usually pleasant in november .
the banana is their favorite fruit , but the lemon is my favorite .
china is usually wonderful during october , but it is usually mild in january .
the apple is her favorite fruit , but the lemon is his favorite .
the orange is your least favorite fruit , but the grape is his least favorite .
you dislike grapes , oranges , and peaches .
your favorite fruit is the strawberry , but their favorite is the grapefruit.
she dislikes lemons , grapefruit , and strawberries .
she wants to go to india next fall .
he dislikes peaches , oranges , and limes .
our most loved fruit is the lemon , but your most loved is the strawberry .
this mouse is his most loved animal .
the grape is their most loved fruit , but the banana is her most loved .
india is sometimes wet during december , but it is dry in march .
she likes oranges , grapefruit , and peaches .
new jersey is sometimes quiet during february , but it is hot in autumn .
our least liked fruit is the strawberry , but your least liked is the banana.
california is never hot during autumn , and it is sometimes mild in december .
he dislikes apples , lemons , and pears .
the peach is your least liked fruit , but the orange is our least liked .
new jersey is usually rainy during may , and it is usually quiet in october .
india is usually beautiful during november , but it is sometimes busy in march .
the united states is pleasant during february , and it is warm in december .
california is never hot during may , but it is never quiet in july .
she dislikes the rusty green automobile .
the united states is sometimes warm during fall , but it is beautiful in july .
their least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but his least favorite is the lime.
he saw a little red truck .
france is never quiet during fall , but it is sometimes rainy in march .
california is never snowy during september , and it is nice in november .
paris is rainy during november , but it is relaxing in fall .
india is usually wet during december , but it is usually cold in january .
california is never dry during spring , but it is never cold in may .
the united states is dry during july , and it is snowy in january .
china is usually wet during september , and it is usually snowy in november .
california is warm during december , but it is never dry in august .
paris is sometimes chilly during april , but it is usually mild in fall .
my least favorite fruit is the grape , but their least favorite is the lime.
she dislikes the big green automobile .
he dislikes apples , lemons , and bananas .
paris is usually snowy during summer , and it is sometimes cold in winter .
california is never relaxing during january , but it is never hot in august .
the grapefruit is his favorite fruit.
he dislikes bananas , grapefruit , and peaches .
california is cold during october , and it is never warm in fall .
france is rainy during winter , but it is never beautiful in june .
california is usually freezing during october , but it is wet in autumn .
the united states is usually warm during september , but it is sometimes beautiful in march .
you like peaches , mangoes , and limes .
his least favorite fruit is the peach , but our least favorite is the banana .
the apple is our favorite fruit , but the orange is your favorite .
i dislike mangoes , peaches , and limes.
the united states is usually warm during winter , but it is sometimes hot in march .
india is never wet during february , but it is hot in october .
the united states is sometimes mild during fall , but it is never freezing in november .
china is sometimes hot during may , and it is sometimes dry in fall .
france is usually snowy during november , and it is wonderful in september .
india is never cold during march , and it is usually warm in january .
our least liked fruit is the lemon , but my least liked is the peach .
california is warm during october , but it is usually beautiful in april .
he saw the shiny red car .
the united states is usually quiet during april , but it is never mild in march .
the united states is usually beautiful during spring , but it is never dry in february .
my favorite fruit is the banana , but our favorite is the mango .
he likes apples and grapefruit .
she likes apples , oranges , and strawberries .
we dislike limes and lemons.
paris is usually relaxing during december , but it is sometimes mild in spring .
the mango is his least liked fruit , but the lemon is our least liked .
california is wonderful during october , but it is relaxing in autumn .
the shark was his favorite animal .
our least favorite fruit is the pear , but his least favorite is the strawberry .
france is nice during march , but it is hot in winter .
india is sometimes beautiful during spring , and it is never warm in fall .
she dislikes pears , limes , and mangoes .
my favorite fruit is the orange , but our favorite is the peach .
france is sometimes chilly during spring , and it is relaxing in july .
china is sometimes snowy during autumn , but it is sometimes busy in spring .
india is cold during march , and it is sometimes dry in spring .
paris is usually warm during december , but it is pleasant in autumn .
india is relaxing during march , but it is sometimes wonderful in spring .
he is going to paris next winter .
the united states is cold during september , but it is usually beautiful in august .
new jersey is never busy during february , but it is never quiet in june .
they dislike peaches , lemons , and bananas .
your most loved fruit is the orange , but her most loved is the lemon .
she likes limes , lemons , and apples .
he dislikes bananas , grapes , and grapefruit .
india is freezing during may , and it is usually beautiful in july .
your least liked fruit is the lime , but her least liked is the banana .
she saw the new red car .
she went to paris last june .
the united states is sometimes pleasant during february , and it is usually quiet in april .
we like apples , oranges , and grapefruit .
china is sometimes relaxing during june , but it is never warm in july .
paris is chilly during february , and it is snowy in march .
we plan to visit california next summer .
new jersey is never pleasant during july , but it is usually relaxing in august .
his least liked fruit is the pear , but our least liked is the banana .
my least liked fruit is the strawberry , but their least liked is the orange.
china is usually snowy during october , but it is never quiet in january .
his favorite fruit is the strawberry , but your favorite is the peach .
when are we going to china ?
my most loved animal was that mouse .
france is sometimes freezing during october , and it is never chilly in autumn .
the orange is my favorite fruit , but the lemon is our favorite .
paris is usually relaxing during june , and it is sometimes freezing in january .
we like apples , pears , and mangoes .
china is chilly during fall , but it is usually rainy in december .
they wanted to go to paris last march .
i plan to visit california next july .
they like bananas and limes .
paris is sometimes dry during july , and it is sometimes nice in january .
new jersey is never nice during march , and it is usually snowy in february .
the grapefruit is your least liked fruit , but the peach is their least liked .
paris is sometimes busy during april , but it is usually snowy in june .
china is usually freezing during fall , but it is never pleasant in spring .
she saw that rusty red car .
the orange is her favorite fruit , but the banana is his favorite .
new jersey is never quiet during december , and it is usually pleasant in fall .
india is never nice during winter , but it is sometimes freezing in may .
they like strawberries , oranges , and mangoes .
the banana is their favorite fruit , but the grape is our favorite .
paris is never relaxing during january , and it is usually nice in december .
it's easy to translate english to french .
the peach is your most loved fruit , but the banana is her most loved .
france is never freezing during september , but it is usually mild in may .
your least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but my least favorite is the apple.
india is usually wet during winter , but it is usually relaxing in december .
paris is mild during fall , but it is sometimes quiet in may .
new jersey is cold during october , but it is sometimes hot in june .
they dislike strawberries , grapes , and bananas .
we plan to visit new jersey in january .
india is usually freezing during october , and it is usually mild in summer .
california is dry during december , and it is usually wonderful in june .
she dislikes peaches , oranges , and mangoes .
india is never relaxing during fall , and it is snowy in december .
france is sometimes quiet during winter , but it is sometimes hot in summer .
california is relaxing during spring , but it is chilly in june .
china is never pleasant during june , and it is never relaxing in september .
india is pleasant during autumn , and it is never cold in spring .
france is sometimes wet during summer , and it is beautiful in may .
paris is sometimes busy during august , and it is usually wet in january .
india is usually busy during spring , and it is never quiet in july .
paris is usually chilly during january , and it is sometimes mild in april .
india is never snowy during may , and it is quiet in autumn .
they dislike bananas , pears , and grapes .
we dislike bananas , peaches , and grapefruit .
new jersey is sometimes hot during may , but it is usually wonderful in june .
india is never dry during autumn , but it is sometimes snowy in august .
china is never dry during january , but it is never quiet in autumn .
the grapefruit is your least liked fruit .
new jersey is pleasant during spring , but it is sometimes quiet in december .
your least favorite fruit is the pear , but their least favorite is the lime .
new jersey is usually pleasant during march , but it is sometimes beautiful in august .
india is sometimes hot during august , and it is sometimes relaxing in october .
the apple is your favorite fruit , but the banana is our favorite .
china is never quiet during february , but it is never dry in october .
california is dry during april , and it is usually quiet in november .
france is warm during spring , but it is snowy in december .
india is never rainy during march , and it is usually mild in january .
california is usually cold during september , and it is usually dry in july .
the united states is never busy during august , and it is hot in february .
she dislikes grapes , grapefruit , and bananas .
i like limes , peaches , and mangoes.
france is never quiet during april , and it is sometimes mild in march .
we dislike apples and bananas .
new jersey is sometimes pleasant during fall , and it is chilly in winter .
paris is never dry during september , and it is never freezing in february .
paris is never beautiful during june , but it is sometimes hot in winter .
the strawberry is your favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is their favorite.
china is sometimes freezing during july , and it is relaxing in february .
china is usually cold during january , and it is sometimes busy in june .
paris is sometimes chilly during november , and it is sometimes cold in spring .
the united states is never busy during april , and it is never dry in october .
my most loved fruit is the strawberry , but her most loved is the peach.
do you think translating between chinese and english is fun ?
i dislike peaches , grapefruit , and pears .
france is never mild during august , and it is usually nice in may .
he plans to visit california next december .
her most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but your most loved is the pear .
california is never chilly during autumn , and it is usually snowy in winter .
the grape is her least liked fruit , but the apple is my least liked.
the united states is never relaxing during may , and it is chilly in december .
the united states is nice during july , and it is warm in autumn .
china is usually freezing during november , but it is usually relaxing in autumn .
france is never pleasant during february , and it is never relaxing in summer .
india is busy during july , and it is sometimes beautiful in spring .
france is sometimes dry during summer , and it is never busy in spring .
she likes lemons , bananas , and peaches.
india is rainy during may , but it is wet in april .
new jersey is usually hot during february , but it is cold in autumn .
he plans to visit china next september .
india is never relaxing during autumn , and it is sometimes dry in april .
california is usually hot during winter , and it is nice in autumn .
paris is sometimes cold during autumn , but it is usually mild in summer .
she likes peaches , mangoes , and bananas .
china is sometimes quiet during winter , and it is usually wet in november .
new jersey is sometimes chilly during september , and it is wonderful in february .
china is warm during fall , and it is wonderful in february .
he liked that big blue truck .
he likes peaches , oranges , and grapefruit .
the grape is my least liked fruit , but the pear is her least liked.
he drove a little blue car .
china is never freezing during april , but it is relaxing in march .
paris is usually cold during august , and it is never nice in june .
california is usually mild during summer , and it is sometimes rainy in june .
the lime is your most loved fruit .
our least favorite fruit is the peach , but my least favorite is the orange .
new jersey is never wet during fall , and it is never freezing in august .
the united states is sometimes warm during february , and it is usually wonderful in autumn .
china is usually beautiful during winter , and it is never wet in fall .
your favorite fruit is the pear , but our favorite is the lemon .
paris is warm during winter , and it is rainy in summer .
their most loved fruit is the pear , but his most loved is the banana .
the united states is snowy during spring , and it is never dry in winter .
france is usually wet during autumn , and it is never nice in august .
i plan to visit the united states next spring .
their most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but my most loved is the mango .
the united states is sometimes quiet during november , and it is usually beautiful in january .
new jersey is usually freezing during may , and it is dry in march .
the united states is usually relaxing during june , but it is usually nice in december .
the grapefruit is my favorite fruit .
my least favorite animals are dogs .
india is usually hot during august , but it is sometimes wet in winter .
my favorite fruit is the apple , but your favorite is the mango .
why isn't she going to the eiffel tower ?
china is never chilly during september , and it is warm in august .
california is sometimes pleasant during autumn , and it is sometimes wonderful in march .
france is never wet during autumn , but it is never rainy in january .
india is usually warm during winter , and it is quiet in september .
the banana is his favorite fruit , but the lemon is our favorite .
china is wonderful during april , but it is busy in fall .
new jersey is never warm during february , but it is sometimes mild in summer .
they are going to india next september .
the united states is usually wet during winter , but it is never relaxing in april .
california is relaxing during january , but it is dry in march .
the united states is usually warm during december , but it is hot in october .
new jersey is never nice during june , and it is usually wet in autumn .
she was driving the shiny red automobile .
france is sometimes quiet during august , but it is sometimes hot in april .
new jersey is sometimes cold during july , but it is never snowy in august .
my favorite fruit is the banana , but her favorite is the peach .
the peach is his least favorite fruit , but the pear is their least favorite .
paris is never wonderful during january , and it is sometimes beautiful in july .
the lime is our least liked fruit , but the pear is your least liked.
she likes bananas , pears , and limes .
california is sometimes snowy during may , but it is usually rainy in summer .
india is dry during september , but it is usually relaxing in march .
china is sometimes wonderful during august , but it is sometimes nice in february .
the united states is usually freezing during may , and it is never pleasant in october .
her favorite fruit is the peach , but our favorite is the orange .
france is dry during may , but it is never freezing in winter .
we dislike oranges , mangoes , and strawberries .
india is sometimes mild during march , but it is sometimes quiet in spring .
the united states is warm during november , but it is wonderful in july .
france is never nice during july , and it is sometimes busy in march .
our least favorite fruit is the orange , but their least favorite is the pear .
china is freezing during june , but it is usually rainy in january .
paris is never chilly during february , and it is sometimes mild in summer .
paris is nice during november , but it is usually rainy in spring .
his favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but my favorite is the lime.
their least liked fruit is the grapefruit , but our least liked is the lime .
the peach is my least favorite fruit , but the orange is his least favorite .
california is usually snowy during summer , and it is usually wonderful in august .
india is never snowy during january , but it is usually rainy in winter .
china is dry during summer , and it is never beautiful in winter .
france is hot during winter , but it is usually freezing in march .
he drives the big green car .
i dislike strawberries , pears , and peaches .
china is chilly during july , but it is never wet in summer .
the banana is her least liked fruit , but the lemon is their least liked .
new jersey is never snowy during winter , but it is sometimes chilly in fall .
california is sometimes wet during june , but it is usually wonderful in may .
they like oranges , grapefruit , and lemons .
she dislikes bananas , limes , and pears .
his least liked fruit is the orange , but my least liked is the peach .
france is relaxing during march , and it is sometimes wonderful in autumn .
paris is usually warm during may , and it is wonderful in february .
california is sometimes busy during march , and it is usually pleasant in autumn .
china is sometimes quiet during december , and it is never snowy in summer .
the orange is our least liked fruit , but the peach is their least liked .
his most loved fruit is the grape , but my most loved is the banana.
france is sometimes beautiful during october , and it is usually relaxing in summer .
the united states is never mild during august , and it is snowy in may .
she dislikes pears , mangoes , and oranges .
france is usually nice during november , and it is sometimes warm in winter .
new jersey is sometimes beautiful during october , but it is usually cold in spring .
the united states is usually quiet during june , and it is sometimes freezing in january .
he plans to visit france in february .
your most loved animals were lions .
china is sometimes mild during april , and it is usually nice in november .
france is never mild during december , but it is usually beautiful in june .
the pear is my most loved fruit , but the banana is our most loved .
china is sometimes chilly during january , but it is never quiet in may .
we like limes , peaches , and apples.
she dislikes grapes , apples , and grapefruit .
the banana is your least liked fruit , but the peach is our least liked .
india is sometimes chilly during january , and it is sometimes quiet in fall .
the orange is their least liked fruit , but the lemon is his least liked .
paris is beautiful during summer , and it is sometimes snowy in winter .
paris is never wonderful during march , and it is usually chilly in september .
paris is never snowy during december , but it is never rainy in may .
we dislike apples , strawberries , and limes .
they want to go to new jersey next winter .
new jersey is sometimes dry during september , and it is never snowy in october .
the mango is your most loved fruit , but the peach is my most loved .
china is never wet during march , but it is beautiful in fall .
his least liked fruit is the pear , but your least liked is the apple .
new jersey is usually nice during spring , but it is sometimes chilly in summer .
the grape is our least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is his least favorite .
the orange is his least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is my least favorite .
china is wonderful during spring , and it is usually wet in autumn .
the strawberry is your least favorite fruit , but the grape is his least favorite.
new jersey is never hot during september , but it is sometimes busy in february .
china is sometimes nice during november , and it is usually rainy in autumn .
his favorite animal is the dog .
the peach is his least favorite fruit , but the banana is my least favorite .
china is never quiet during february , but it is never wonderful in winter .
he dislikes pears , lemons , and grapes .
my least favorite fruit is the apple , but his least favorite is the grapefruit .
india is never freezing during september , but it is never dry in december .
california is busy during winter , but it is dry in spring .
paris is busy during fall , and it is wet in july .
the lemon is our least liked fruit , but the strawberry is their least liked .
new jersey is mild during april , but it is sometimes freezing in june .
california is never dry during may , and it is sometimes wonderful in january .
california is relaxing during summer , but it is sometimes rainy in winter .
the united states is relaxing during december , but it is usually wonderful in september .
we dislike limes , bananas , and pears.
california is freezing during july , but it is cold in january .
china is never beautiful during august , but it is never chilly in november .
india is never nice during fall , but it is wonderful in january .
paris is never beautiful during december , but it is sometimes hot in may .
the grape is her favorite fruit , but the mango is your favorite.
new jersey is never mild during january , but it is sometimes relaxing in november .
india is sometimes dry during spring , but it is mild in november .
china is usually nice during december , but it is sometimes dry in january .
new jersey is usually beautiful during spring , and it is sometimes hot in may .
he likes bananas , pears , and oranges .
france is usually beautiful during august , but it is sometimes snowy in november .
china is usually hot during november , and it is sometimes snowy in autumn .
the united states is quiet during january , but it is hot in november .
you like apples , lemons , and mangoes .
he likes oranges , apples , and peaches .
your least favorite fruit is the apple , but his least favorite is the grapefruit .
china is never chilly during autumn , and it is usually rainy in february .
india is sometimes beautiful during august , and it is never cold in winter .
new jersey is sometimes freezing during november , but it is never rainy in spring .
i dislike limes , mangoes , and apples.
india is sometimes busy during autumn , but it is usually quiet in january .
lions are her favorite animals .
she might go to india next may .
grapes are my most loved fruit.
her least favorite fruit is the banana , but our least favorite is the peach .
california is usually chilly during winter , but it is never cold in summer .
the lime is their most loved fruit , but the lemon is our most loved.
new jersey is usually chilly during summer , and it is usually wonderful in october .
the cat is his least favorite animal .
you like apples and peaches .
california is nice during august , and it is usually mild in spring .
new jersey is never hot during summer , and it is sometimes wet in winter .
she thinks it's difficult to translate portuguese to english .
california is pleasant during may , but it is never beautiful in march .
the banana is her favorite fruit , but the lime is their favorite .
paris is never freezing during summer , but it is usually hot in may .
the orange is his most loved fruit , but the lime is my most loved .
paris is never freezing during december , and it is sometimes chilly in march .
your least favorite animal was this mouse .
india is wet during march , and it is never wonderful in january .
i like lemons , bananas , and strawberries .
paris is quiet during january , and it is beautiful in december .
india is cold during january , but it is never warm in october .
china is warm during april , but it is busy in winter .
the shark is my favorite animal .
his favorite fruit is the apple , but our favorite is the mango .
new jersey is sometimes nice during autumn , but it is never quiet in february .
the mango is my favorite fruit , but the grape is their favorite .
the united states is sometimes warm during summer , and it is pleasant in march .
india is wonderful during july , but it is pleasant in november .
he likes grapefruit , limes , and grapes .
their least favorite fruit is the pear , but his least favorite is the grape .
china is usually quiet during march , but it is usually hot in october .
they plan to visit california next may .
india is sometimes wet during winter , and it is never beautiful in spring .
paris is never warm during january , but it is quiet in november .
the grape is her least liked fruit , but the lemon is my least liked.
their least liked fruit is the pear , but my least liked is the mango .
paris is busy during september , but it is rainy in fall .
china is dry during october , but it is sometimes quiet in august .
we dislike oranges , peaches , and mangoes .
the peach is my favorite fruit , but the pear is her favorite .
your favorite fruit is the mango , but our favorite is the apple .
china is never freezing during february , and it is sometimes cold in winter .
india is sometimes wet during july , but it is sometimes nice in spring .
the united states is usually snowy during fall , and it is nice in january .
california is chilly during june , and it is sometimes quiet in fall .
i dislike pears , oranges , and strawberries .
paris is sometimes warm during march , and it is sometimes relaxing in april .
he drives a little black car .
he dislikes that big green automobile .
france is pleasant during summer , but it is never mild in spring .
our least liked fruit is the lemon , but their least liked is the peach .
new jersey is never cold during winter , and it is usually hot in january .
the grapefruit is my favorite fruit , but the apple is their favorite .
he dislikes grapes , mangoes , and peaches.
the united states is sometimes beautiful during july , but it is never quiet in april .
they went to china last january .
new jersey is sometimes freezing during february , and it is beautiful in may .
your least favorite fruit is the banana , but her least favorite is the pear .
new jersey is sometimes rainy during fall , but it is never mild in spring .
we like peaches , strawberries , and grapes .
paris is never busy during autumn , but it is usually snowy in spring .
china is usually dry during spring , but it is never cold in september .
my least favorite animals are rabbits .
california is sometimes warm during february , but it is wonderful in april .
the united states is usually chilly during winter , and it is pleasant in june .
the united states is rainy during fall , but it is never freezing in june .
the banana is his least liked fruit , but the strawberry is her least liked .
he likes mangoes , strawberries , and grapes .
paris is hot during september , but it is never beautiful in january .
the united states is usually wet during april , but it is sometimes rainy in october .
the strawberry is their most loved fruit , but the lemon is his most loved.
china is usually quiet during summer , and it is never warm in february .
china is sometimes wonderful during spring , and it is sometimes cold in april .
she drove a shiny red truck .
california is sometimes wonderful during august , and it is sometimes wet in summer .
the united states is usually pleasant during may , and it is never beautiful in june .
the united states is dry during august , but it is sometimes pleasant in may .
my favorite fruit is the pear , but their favorite is the mango .
he dislikes grapefruit and strawberries .
india is never freezing during winter , but it is sometimes rainy in may .
china is sometimes hot during summer , but it is usually freezing in fall .
the united states is never nice during april , and it is dry in june .
he disliked that big red truck .
they dislike bananas , oranges , and apples .
china is usually nice during august , and it is never freezing in september .
she saw a old black automobile .
the united states is never hot during november , but it is never freezing in february .
china is never busy during january , but it is wonderful in october .
california is sometimes quiet during fall , but it is never wonderful in december .
india is sometimes mild during october , and it is never relaxing in summer .
his favorite fruit is the orange , but our favorite is the grape .
paris is wonderful during june , and it is sometimes cold in january .
our most loved fruit is the banana , but their most loved is the peach .
our least liked fruit is the mango , but your least liked is the strawberry .
india is chilly during august , but it is never wet in december .
their least favorite fruit is the lime , but our least favorite is the lemon.
california is never busy during october , and it is usually snowy in january .
the united states is usually chilly during april , and it is usually quiet in october .
she is driving that big red automobile .
he drove a rusty red automobile .
this rabbit was his most feared animal .
she dislikes apples , grapes , and oranges .
she dislikes lemons , pears , and apples .
they like mangoes and limes.
france is usually cold during autumn , and it is usually warm in april .
china is sometimes hot during april , and it is warm in september .
she likes mangoes , lemons , and grapefruit .
she likes grapefruit , mangoes , and bananas .
the united states is usually busy during spring , but it is sometimes snowy in april .
translating between chinese and portuguese is easy .
new jersey is sometimes pleasant during winter , but it is beautiful in january .
france is sometimes snowy during january , and it is quiet in march .
they like strawberries and apples .
she likes bananas , lemons , and grapefruit .
they dislike pears , lemons , and grapes .
new jersey is sometimes quiet during december , and it is never snowy in june .
he drives that little green automobile .
she liked that new yellow car .
the lime is their least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is her least favorite.
california is never nice during july , but it is busy in june .
california is never pleasant during september , but it is rainy in winter .
he dislikes apples , peaches , and mangoes .
the mango is my most loved fruit , but the grape is your most loved .
new jersey is never wet during may , and it is sometimes quiet in winter .
paris is sometimes freezing during autumn , and it is never beautiful in october .
new jersey is quiet during april , and it is chilly in june .
my least favorite fruit is the lemon , but their least favorite is the lime .
the united states is never nice during fall , and it is never beautiful in march .
india is never wonderful during summer , but it is wet in january .
they like pears , apples , and peaches .
we like apples , peaches , and pears .
new jersey is never cold during april , and it is relaxing in february .
france is wonderful during fall , and it is usually nice in summer .
new jersey is usually dry during april , but it is cold in summer .
the pear is her most loved fruit , but the orange is my most loved .
paris is never chilly during may , and it is usually hot in october .
she thinks it's easy to translate chinese to portuguese .
the grapefruit is his least liked fruit , but the strawberry is your least liked.
paris is never rainy during may , and it is quiet in summer .
california is usually warm during july , and it is usually busy in october .
france is usually hot during spring , and it is usually snowy in december .
your favorite fruit is the orange , but our favorite is the apple .
we plan to visit india in autumn .
you like peaches , strawberries , and pears .
his favorite fruit is the lemon , but her favorite is the lime .
california is never warm during august , but it is never mild in june .
the lemon is my least liked fruit , but the orange is our least liked .
california is warm during january , but it is usually wonderful in may .
france is sometimes relaxing during summer , and it is snowy in january .
you dislike apples , lemons , and oranges .
new jersey is never dry during december , and it is usually mild in october .
the united states is usually chilly during august , and it is sometimes freezing in spring .
china is never warm during winter , but it is sometimes mild in august .
the united states is dry during february , and it is never snowy in april .
china is quiet during september , and it is never busy in august .
california is usually relaxing during november , but it is usually wet in september .
california is pleasant during september , but it is never warm in winter .
she likes oranges , limes , and grapefruit .
france is never beautiful during summer , but it is never warm in april .
his favorite fruit is the pear , but her favorite is the lime .
sharks are his favorite animals .
she likes apples , lemons , and limes .
india is usually wet during july , and it is sometimes hot in november .
when is she going to china ?
new jersey is usually mild during may , and it is usually wet in autumn .
paris is nice during november , but it is usually snowy in summer .
the apple is our least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is your least favorite .
india is usually hot during june , and it is sometimes wonderful in april .
france is usually busy during january , and it is usually mild in march .
new jersey is never nice during january , but it is never quiet in november .
china is usually wonderful during spring , but it is usually relaxing in march .
the united states is sometimes relaxing during may , but it is usually quiet in summer .
your most loved fruit is the orange , but their most loved is the pear .
india is pleasant during march , and it is usually beautiful in december .
you like grapefruit , bananas , and pears .
the united states is never hot during summer , and it is usually warm in autumn .
california is never dry during june , and it is sometimes cold in spring .
paris is usually relaxing during december , but it is usually snowy in june .
we dislike peaches , strawberries , and apples .
france is sometimes mild during fall , but it is cold in autumn .
the united states is sometimes beautiful during fall , and it is cold in may .
new jersey is sometimes hot during winter , and it is sometimes dry in may .
the pear is our favorite fruit , but the lemon is his favorite .
new jersey is dry during january , but it is snowy in may .
the peach is your least favorite fruit , but the lemon is his least favorite .
paris is sometimes beautiful during autumn , and it is never chilly in july .
paris is never wonderful during winter , and it is sometimes beautiful in march .
china is beautiful during august , and it is never mild in october .
india is freezing during fall , but it is sometimes cold in september .
i dislike lemons and limes .
we plan to visit paris in february .
france is never warm during november , and it is sometimes wet in fall .
india is usually relaxing during autumn , but it is never pleasant in march .
she saw the big blue car .
she likes peaches and apples .
your most loved fruit is the pear .
california is snowy during summer , but it is usually hot in march .
california is never freezing during spring , and it is quiet in october .
california is freezing during may .
the united states is usually wet during winter , but it is never nice in march .
the lime is your least favorite fruit , but the grape is her least favorite .
california is usually dry during october , but it is sometimes chilly in november .
the orange is your favorite fruit , but the mango is their favorite .
the apple is her least favorite fruit , but the strawberry is your least favorite .
his most loved fruit is the grape , but our most loved is the apple.
new jersey is sometimes freezing during fall , and it is never busy in july .
he dislikes strawberries , oranges , and grapes .
paris is usually wonderful during april , but it is never mild in summer .
she dislikes grapes , grapefruit , and limes .
china is usually hot during july , and it is never quiet in summer .
birds are my most feared animals .
i dislike bananas , grapefruit , and mangoes .
the united states is freezing during summer , and it is cold in august .
he likes pears , grapes , and peaches .
they dislike mangoes , grapefruit , and pears.
he plans to visit california in february .
you like oranges , apples , and limes .
the united states is sometimes wet during june , and it is never warm in may .
their favorite fruit is the apple , but her favorite is the pear .
the lime is your most loved fruit , but the peach is her most loved .
we like grapefruit , grapes , and peaches .
california is sometimes wonderful during fall , but it is warm in may .
new jersey is quiet during may , and it is usually cold in october .
france is sometimes chilly during april , but it is never cold in february .
france is sometimes beautiful during september , and it is relaxing in november .
india is sometimes cold during april , but it is never quiet in july .
our most loved fruit is the banana , but her most loved is the pear .
france is wet during july , but it is pleasant in may .
your favorite fruit is the grape , but our favorite is the lime .
the united states is usually busy during fall , but it is never hot in november .
my most loved fruit is the lemon , but our most loved is the mango .
the united states is never hot during may , but it is never chilly in september .
california is sometimes busy during april , and it is usually dry in october .
india is snowy during march , but it is usually wonderful in autumn .
our least liked fruit is the apple , but his least liked is the pear .
france is usually cold during fall , but it is usually wonderful in september .
the apple is their favorite fruit , but the orange is my favorite .
bananas are your least favorite fruit .
new jersey is sometimes hot during december , and it is sometimes nice in january .
china is sometimes chilly during fall , and it is never relaxing in autumn .
the lemon is my least liked fruit , but the peach is their least liked .
the peach is her most loved fruit , but the strawberry is his most loved .
india is sometimes hot during august , and it is sometimes snowy in winter .
he likes grapes , grapefruit , and mangoes.
paris is usually freezing during september , but it is never mild in november .
paris is sometimes pleasant during october , but it is sometimes quiet in june .
new jersey is never hot during june , and it is beautiful in september .
she dislikes apples , mangoes , and bananas .
california is usually chilly during december , but it is usually rainy in october .
she dislikes that big blue truck .
his favorite fruit is the peach , but my favorite is the strawberry .
our favorite fruit is the grape , but her favorite is the peach .
i like bananas , apples , and lemons .
your least liked fruit is the orange , but their least liked is the apple .
he was driving that old black automobile .
new jersey is sometimes warm during fall , but it is never pleasant in december .
paris is usually hot during may , but it is usually pleasant in june .
i like peaches , strawberries , and lemons .
her least liked fruit is the grape , but their least liked is the banana.
california is never beautiful during spring , and it is pleasant in october .
you dislike oranges , apples , and mangoes .
france is usually snowy during march , and it is never mild in spring .
china is usually warm during october , but it is never cold in december .
france is never relaxing during summer , but it is usually hot in march .
she likes strawberries , grapes , and peaches .
new jersey is relaxing during january , and it is never dry in may .
her most loved animal is the bear .
california is sometimes quiet during april , but it is sometimes nice in october .
china is sometimes warm during summer , and it is never chilly in winter .
she likes peaches , mangoes , and strawberries .
she likes little peaches .
china is never chilly during november , but it is never cold in may .
the peach is my most loved fruit .
i like lemons and limes .
china is usually cold during spring , and it is busy in january .
the united states is wet during december , but it is usually quiet in winter .
china is cold during january , but it is usually snowy in summer .
the peach is her least liked fruit , but the pear is my least liked .
the united states is usually cold during february , and it is usually rainy in june .
france is never chilly during november , and it is sometimes mild in december .
paris is never quiet during july , and it is sometimes warm in march .
the apple is his most loved fruit , but the mango is their most loved .
china is usually rainy during june , but it is usually hot in september .
paris is usually warm during july , and it is never dry in october .
india is sometimes cold during october , but it is usually snowy in summer .
she likes strawberries and peaches .
paris is usually freezing during february , and it is sometimes mild in autumn .
we like strawberries , limes , and oranges .
she likes lemons , strawberries , and peaches.
paris is usually wonderful during february , but it is rainy in december .
china is usually snowy during may , but it is sometimes cold in january .
france is rainy during december , but it is nice in spring .
china is beautiful during february , but it is sometimes hot in april .
france is never freezing during july , and it is never pleasant in february .
the orange is my favorite fruit , but the peach is his favorite .
france is sometimes wonderful during spring , but it is usually warm in april .
she dislikes bananas , grapefruit , and lemons .
he likes peaches , lemons , and bananas .
this monkey was my most feared animal .
the united states is sometimes busy during spring , and it is sometimes chilly in september .
their least liked fruit is the lemon , but my least liked is the apple .
new jersey is sometimes relaxing during may , and it is never pleasant in december .
china is never freezing during winter , but it is sometimes cold in february .
new jersey is usually quiet during march , but it is usually cold in june .
she dislikes oranges , apples , and mangoes .
paris is never freezing during december , and it is usually chilly in summer .
the strawberry is our favorite fruit , but the lime is her favorite.
i like strawberries , bananas , and mangoes .
china is never hot during december , but it is sometimes wet in june .
france is usually rainy during november , and it is sometimes chilly in may .
new jersey is sometimes wet during december , and it is mild in july .
he dislikes grapes , strawberries , and mangoes.
our favorite fruit is the pear , but your favorite is the strawberry .
did she like paris ?
she was driving the new red car .
france is usually wonderful during summer , and it is usually quiet in winter .
the united states is sometimes quiet during fall , but it is nice in may .
she liked the old yellow car .
we like limes , strawberries , and apples.
they wanted to go to california last june .
paris is usually relaxing during fall , and it is sometimes hot in may .
paris is busy during january , but it is usually wonderful in summer .
he likes mangoes , oranges , and limes .
china is sometimes mild during autumn , but it is never rainy in summer .
the lime is your most loved fruit , but the banana is her most loved .
new jersey is never busy during winter , but it is sometimes snowy in december .
his most loved fruit is the lemon , but her most loved is the orange .
he was driving a little white truck .
china is never rainy during october , and it is usually pleasant in december .
the united states is sometimes warm during february , and it is never beautiful in may .
she liked the little blue automobile .
china is sometimes warm during summer , and it is busy in february .
france is pleasant during august , and it is sometimes warm in autumn .
she dislikes lemons , apples , and oranges .
the mango is our most loved fruit , but the banana is my most loved .
india is warm during august , but it is dry in april .
new jersey is sometimes mild during summer , and it is usually busy in november .
she likes peaches and apples .
the pear is her favorite fruit , but the peach is his favorite .
china is chilly during october , and it is wet in november .
china is sometimes dry during january , but it is chilly in autumn .
paris is freezing during august , but it is sometimes rainy in july .
i dislike bananas , grapes , and peaches .
india is usually snowy during february , and it is hot in june .
the united states is never dry during september , and it is usually quiet in spring .
the mango is their most loved fruit , but the orange is his most loved .
new jersey is wonderful during december , and it is warm in fall .
he dislikes a rusty blue truck .
new jersey is usually beautiful during september , and it is sometimes hot in january .
our least liked fruit is the orange , but his least liked is the strawberry .
the strawberry is his least favorite fruit , but the apple is their least favorite .
she liked the big white car .
paris is never dry during winter , but it is never quiet in october .
he dislikes strawberries , lemons , and grapes .
china is sometimes freezing during december , but it is beautiful in january .
france is never freezing during autumn , but it is usually hot in june .
france is sometimes rainy during winter , and it is sometimes busy in spring .
paris is wet during autumn , but it is sometimes cold in summer .
he likes grapefruit , bananas , and lemons .
the united states is never rainy during december , but it is sometimes quiet in september .
she likes pears , oranges , and grapefruit .
our least favorite fruit is the pear , but their least favorite is the banana .
paris is never freezing during july , but it is usually warm in november .
the united states is rainy during winter , and it is hot in october .
the united states is sometimes beautiful during april , and it is warm in may .
paris is sometimes hot during march , but it is sometimes freezing in august .
the united states is sometimes wet during january , but it is usually cold in august .
india is never cold during august , but it is relaxing in march .
china is usually warm during may , but it is wonderful in january .
our most loved fruit is the lemon , but my most loved is the grapefruit .
his favorite fruit is the peach , but our favorite is the lime .
india is never mild during winter , but it is never busy in january .
california is usually snowy during july , and it is usually mild in spring .
the united states is sometimes snowy during summer , but it is hot in march .
she plans to visit new jersey next may .
she dislikes grapes , apples , and lemons .
paris is busy during autumn , and it is usually relaxing in spring .
paris is usually dry during december , and it is usually freezing in october .
paris is sometimes pleasant during september , but it is never wonderful in january .
your favorite fruit is the lime , but our favorite is the pear .
paris is never chilly during winter , but it is usually nice in june .
he likes limes , oranges , and lemons .
india is pleasant during march , but it is usually dry in june .
the lime is their least liked fruit , but the apple is her least liked.
india is usually busy during november , and it is sometimes rainy in march .
you like grapes , grapefruit , and bananas .
california is never nice during spring , and it is sometimes wet in december .
i like pears , grapefruit , and limes .
why did he go to the football field ?
paris is usually rainy during spring , but it is usually cold in march .
the bird is your least favorite animal .
she drives a rusty green truck .
the strawberry is your most loved fruit , but the lime is her most loved.
paris is nice during december , and it is sometimes dry in may .
i like pears , mangoes , and grapefruit .
paris is sometimes pleasant during fall , and it is beautiful in august .
he likes peaches and strawberries .
the united states is usually mild during november , but it is never rainy in december .
he likes apples , lemons , and grapefruit .
france is sometimes rainy during january , but it is never wet in august .
new jersey is never chilly during august , and it is never busy in january .
china is usually freezing during summer , but it is sometimes wet in november .
california is never rainy during fall , and it is freezing in winter .
california is chilly during october , but it is never pleasant in june .
paris is never rainy during february , but it is never warm in october .
she plans to visit california next june .
china is never wonderful during spring , but it is sometimes wet in june .
california is usually chilly during april , but it is sometimes snowy in september .
she is driving a little white truck .
he likes oranges , limes , and grapes .
california is usually pleasant during october , but it is usually quiet in september .
her favorite fruit is the lime , but his favorite is the pear .
the peach is my most loved fruit , but the strawberry is their most loved .
he plans to visit new jersey in may .
india is sometimes warm during september , but it is usually relaxing in october .
he dislikes oranges , pears , and apples .
new jersey is usually cold during autumn , and it is usually rainy in february .
she dislikes bananas , apples , and peaches .
the lemon is our favorite fruit , but the grape is their favorite .
france is never cold during january , and it is snowy in spring .
france is never freezing during april , and it is never nice in july .
her favorite fruit is the grape , but his favorite is the banana.
california is beautiful during fall , but it is never wonderful in august .
china is usually mild during march , and it is wet in winter .
this monkey was his most feared animal .
he likes limes , grapes , and strawberries .
she wants to go to india next july .
new jersey is never hot during june , but it is snowy in march .
they like lemons , grapes , and oranges .
new jersey is never hot during december , and it is busy in september .
china is sometimes warm during february , but it is sometimes nice in december .
paris is never rainy during february , but it is warm in june .
the united states is sometimes busy during february , but it is sometimes freezing in summer .
new jersey is never beautiful during january , but it is never freezing in fall .
they dislike lemons , peaches , and oranges .
france is usually mild during spring , but it is snowy in may .
their least liked fruit is the lemon , but his least liked is the lime .
my favorite fruit is the banana , but her favorite is the mango .
china is sometimes hot during june , and it is sometimes warm in december .
china is busy during november , and it is sometimes mild in february .
india is busy during february , but it is usually rainy in august .
my most feared animal is this snake .
india is usually hot during september , and it is wonderful in december .
the united states is mild during november , but it is never wet in winter .
he disliked that rusty black car .
he drove the shiny blue truck .
the orange is her least liked fruit , but the pear is my least liked .
he dislikes bananas , grapes , and pears .
her least liked fruit is the peach , but our least liked is the banana .
he was driving that big blue automobile .
india is wonderful during march , and it is chilly in april .
the strawberry is my least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is their least liked.
she plans to visit france in march .
he likes limes , grapes , and apples .
the united states is never chilly during july , and it is sometimes wet in winter .
the grapefruit is your most loved fruit , but the orange is her most loved .
the united states is usually hot during may , but it is usually quiet in winter .
she likes peaches , limes , and apples .
the united states is never freezing during august , and it is never nice in january .
my least favorite fruit is the grape , but their least favorite is the pear.
the united states is pleasant during june , but it is usually warm in september .
he dislikes apples , lemons , and strawberries .
california is sometimes wonderful during september , but it is beautiful in july .
you dislike grapefruit and bananas .
new jersey is mild during spring , but it is freezing in summer .
how was the weather in france last october ?
california is nice during february , and it is usually rainy in september .
france is never beautiful during september , but it is never rainy in june .
the united states is never relaxing during november , and it is freezing in june .
california is freezing during winter , but it is sometimes wonderful in july .
his favorite fruit is the mango , but our favorite is the strawberry .
new jersey is never relaxing during november , and it is pleasant in spring .
paris is usually pleasant during winter , but it is never quiet in september .
your favorite fruit is the lemon , but my favorite is the grapefruit .
china is cold during july , and it is usually warm in june .
i like pears , oranges , and grapes .
the united states is wet during october , but it is never chilly in december .
they dislike mangoes , oranges , and apples.
her most loved fruit is the lemon , but your most loved is the pear .
france is chilly during january , but it is rainy in september .
his least liked fruit is the apple , but my least liked is the grapefruit .
india is snowy during winter , and it is never nice in spring .
china is usually dry during december , and it is sometimes nice in april .
the lime is her least liked fruit , but the strawberry is their least liked .
new jersey is sometimes warm during winter , and it is never snowy in september .
india is sometimes relaxing during november , but it is warm in october .
she dislikes bananas , strawberries , and grapefruit .
they like grapefruit , bananas , and grapes .
france is never busy during may , and it is never freezing in february .
you dislike mangoes , oranges , and grapes.
paris is never cold during september , and it is never pleasant in february .
paris is sometimes dry during april , but it is never snowy in summer .
she likes limes and grapefruit .
paris is sometimes wet during january , but it is never relaxing in fall .
france is usually busy during fall , and it is never wet in january .
the grape is his favorite fruit , but the mango is my favorite.
new jersey is usually snowy during april , but it is usually chilly in september .
her most loved fruit is the banana , but your most loved is the mango .
would she like to go the united states ?
the grapefruit is your most loved fruit , but the pear is his most loved .
he dislikes bananas , oranges , and grapes .
you dislike apples , bananas , and lemons .
india is usually hot during autumn , and it is usually dry in march .
he dislikes grapes , limes , and bananas.
paris is usually cold during autumn , and it is sometimes relaxing in february .
india is wet during may , but it is usually wonderful in september .
they like peaches , bananas , and grapes .
china is usually warm during june , and it is never nice in july .
china is beautiful during october , and it is never relaxing in december .
the orange is his favorite fruit , but the grape is my favorite .
california is sometimes nice during september , and it is never beautiful in may .
his least favorite fruit is the orange , but our least favorite is the banana .
that lion is his most feared animal .
california is dry during winter , but it is usually cold in april .
california is chilly during fall , and it is never cold in september .
india is hot during august , and it is usually mild in july .
california is usually mild during july , and it is cold in august .
california is nice during august , but it is sometimes relaxing in fall .
my most feared animal was that bird .
new jersey is never chilly during december , and it is sometimes warm in september .
my favorite fruit is the pear , but your favorite is the lemon .
he dislikes peaches , lemons , and oranges .
we plan to visit paris next spring .
he dislikes apples , bananas , and grapefruit .
the lemon is our least favorite fruit , but the banana is their least favorite .
their most loved fruit is the peach , but our most loved is the orange .
france is sometimes freezing during may , but it is usually rainy in july .
she thinks it's difficult to translate french to portuguese .
she dislikes grapefruit , grapes , and peaches .
new jersey is chilly during july , and it is sometimes wet in summer .
her most loved fruit is the apple , but our most loved is the lime .
paris is usually mild during fall , and it is snowy in winter .
new jersey is sometimes nice during october , and it is wonderful in july .
france is beautiful during july , and it is usually chilly in november .
your favorite fruit is the pear , but his favorite is the banana .
our least liked fruit is the strawberry , but her least liked is the mango.
california is warm during march , but it is never hot in september .
her favorite fruit is the lemon , but your favorite is the orange .
new jersey is usually quiet during july , and it is cold in may .
she wanted to go to china last january .
he likes grapefruit , lemons , and strawberries .
california is dry during may , and it is usually hot in summer .
our most loved fruit is the pear , but his most loved is the peach .
she dislikes lemons , pears , and apples .
india is usually snowy during july , but it is never wonderful in spring .
where is the eiffel tower ?
the united states is sometimes relaxing during august , and it is freezing in november .
our least liked fruit is the banana , but my least liked is the strawberry .
california is usually rainy during october , and it is cold in august .
paris is never pleasant during winter , but it is usually nice in autumn .
our most loved fruit is the banana , but his most loved is the lemon .
paris is never freezing during april , and it is never rainy in september .
your most loved fruit is the banana , but my most loved is the orange .
new jersey is never wonderful during may , but it is never snowy in october .
paris is wonderful during december , but it is usually cold in may .
india is never beautiful during spring , and it is wonderful in january .
the apple is my favorite fruit , but the lime is her favorite .
india is usually pleasant during march , and it is sometimes cold in spring .
paris is never pleasant during winter , and it is usually dry in november .
your most loved fruit is the apple , but their most loved is the strawberry .
he dislikes the big red car .
new jersey is sometimes pleasant during may , but it is never beautiful in february .
china is never relaxing during december , but it is usually cold in march .
paris is usually wonderful during january , but it is never mild in spring .
the united states is warm during february , and it is never rainy in winter .
the lemon is his least liked fruit , but the mango is my least liked .
she likes lemons , limes , and oranges.
france is sometimes dry during spring , and it is usually warm in august .
horses were his most feared animals .
china is sometimes hot during december , and it is nice in february .
new jersey is never freezing during fall , and it is sometimes busy in spring .
the apple is her least liked fruit , but the pear is our least liked .
india is never busy during summer , and it is usually wet in september .
china is wonderful during july , but it is never chilly in december .
india is usually rainy during february , and it is usually warm in january .
the united states is usually busy during fall , and it is beautiful in july .
the united states is wonderful during summer , but it is never chilly in july .
we dislike bananas , grapefruit , and grapes .
china is quiet during autumn , but it is never chilly in november .
she likes grapes , oranges , and peaches.
france is sometimes wonderful during september , and it is never hot in april .
india is usually freezing during october , and it is relaxing in september .
he dislikes the rusty green automobile .
china is sometimes snowy during october , and it is wet in november .
the united states is freezing during december , but it is hot in autumn .
new jersey is never freezing during december , and it is never hot in april .
the united states is never dry during summer , but it is sometimes freezing in october .
he dislikes peaches , pears , and strawberries .
his least favorite fruit is the apple , but our least favorite is the mango .
your least favorite fruit is the orange , but their least favorite is the banana .
my least liked fruit is the peach , but her least liked is the lime .
the united states is chilly during february , and it is sometimes nice in november .
the grapefruit is her most loved fruit , but the apple is our most loved .
the united states is usually nice during autumn , but it is never hot in october .
i like mangoes , peaches , and apples.
paris is usually relaxing during spring , and it is usually freezing in may .
he dislikes oranges , grapes , and grapefruit .
india is never chilly during autumn , and it is sometimes mild in summer .
she likes strawberries , bananas , and limes .
their least liked fruit is the apple .
california is never dry during january , but it is chilly in fall .
she likes lemons , bananas , and limes.
the apple is his least liked fruit , but the pear is their least liked .
paris is sometimes chilly during spring , and it is usually wet in october .
california is hot during march , but it is usually nice in fall .
he dislikes oranges , mangoes , and limes .
he is driving the old yellow truck .
california is sometimes hot during may , but it is wet in december .
the mango is her least liked fruit , but the banana is their least liked .
the peach is her favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is my favorite .
india is usually relaxing during february , and it is sometimes dry in autumn .
france is never busy during april , and it is never quiet in june .
i dislike oranges , strawberries , and grapes .
he likes bananas , lemons , and mangoes .
china is sometimes warm during december , but it is usually wet in january .
california is sometimes wet during autumn , but it is usually dry in spring .
new jersey is usually warm during may , and it is sometimes busy in september .
the united states is sometimes cold during autumn , but it is never rainy in spring .
the united states is sometimes chilly during june , and it is sometimes cold in january .
new jersey is usually hot during march , and it is never wet in september .
she dislikes grapes , bananas , and strawberries .
my favorite fruit is the lime , but her favorite is the orange .
the pear is my most loved fruit , but the apple is your most loved .
california is wet during fall , but it is usually quiet in november .
her least favorite fruit is the banana , but our least favorite is the apple .
france is sometimes chilly during february , but it is usually mild in fall .
paris is sometimes cold during february , but it is wonderful in autumn .
she likes oranges , apples , and mangoes .
how was your visit to china last may ?
the banana is your most loved fruit , but the grapefruit is my most loved .
india is sometimes warm during august , but it is rainy in january .
she likes apples , bananas , and mangoes .
my most loved fruit is the banana , but her most loved is the pear .
he dislikes strawberries and peaches .
he likes a old black car .
new jersey is never busy during winter , and it is never relaxing in spring .
your most loved fruit is the grape , but our most loved is the peach .
china is never wonderful during july , but it is usually cold in june .
he was driving the shiny yellow truck .
the united states is mild during march , and it is sometimes busy in november .
the united states is never mild during september , but it is never chilly in summer .
china is never beautiful during december , but it is never pleasant in september .
india is sometimes mild during december , but it is usually wonderful in september .
he was driving that rusty yellow car .
she dislikes pears and bananas .
the united states is sometimes freezing during summer , and it is never mild in march .
this monkey was his favorite animal .
he wanted to go to paris last autumn .
his least liked fruit is the peach , but her least liked is the mango .
china is sometimes pleasant during august , but it is usually nice in january .
their favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but my favorite is the peach .
france is sometimes freezing during march , but it is usually nice in september .
china is hot during autumn , and it is never snowy in summer .
his least liked fruit is the grapefruit , but our least liked is the grape.
my least favorite fruit is the lime , but his least favorite is the grapefruit .
california is usually cold during october , and it is usually hot in autumn .
the united states is never nice during spring , and it is usually warm in summer .
new jersey is never nice during spring , and it is never cold in september .
you like oranges , peaches , and strawberries .
her least favorite fruit is the lemon , but our least favorite is the orange .
paris is usually hot during june , but it is sometimes rainy in december .
when did they going to california ?
paris is never mild during autumn , and it is wonderful in spring .
the banana is my favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is our favorite .
france is sometimes busy during autumn , and it is chilly in fall .
the grape is their most loved fruit , but the pear is your most loved .
they like peaches and grapes .
india is pleasant during april , and it is usually relaxing in july .
france is usually beautiful during november , and it is never cold in fall .
the elephant is his most feared animal .
france is usually hot during april , but it is never chilly in winter .
he dislikes the shiny blue car .
the united states is usually dry during january , and it is rainy in march .
china is rainy during spring , and it is relaxing in october .
india is sometimes wet during spring , but it is never cold in september .
he likes lemons , strawberries , and bananas.
his least favorite fruit is the orange , but their least favorite is the lemon .
your least liked fruit is the lemon , but our least liked is the apple .
france is never relaxing during november , but it is usually nice in autumn .
paris is never chilly during october , and it is usually dry in autumn .
he dislikes bananas , oranges , and pears .
he likes oranges , grapes , and strawberries .
the united states is usually relaxing during september , and it is never hot in january .
india is rainy during spring , and it is never nice in may .
the banana is my least favorite fruit , but the pear is our least favorite .
the united states is snowy during january , and it is never nice in december .
india is sometimes freezing during summer , but it is sometimes nice in september .
the peach is his least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is my least liked .
france is dry during november , and it is never pleasant in april .
france is snowy during winter , but it is usually nice in may .
we like grapes , grapefruit , and bananas .
she is driving that old black truck .
new jersey is cold during autumn , but it is warm in december .
they like strawberries , grapes , and grapefruit .
new jersey is never busy during december , and it is sometimes chilly in july .
she likes apples , mangoes , and lemons .
france is never pleasant during summer , and it is never wonderful in august .
california is mild during april , but it is sometimes relaxing in fall .
france is usually busy during january , and it is never warm in june .
we dislike peaches , oranges , and bananas .
california is sometimes freezing during august , but it is sometimes busy in autumn .
your most loved fruit is the peach , but her most loved is the strawberry .
california is dry during august , and it is rainy in december .
you like lemons , limes , and grapes .
he likes peaches and bananas .
they like grapes and limes .
the grape is his favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is her favorite.
california is cold during may , but it is never pleasant in december .
we dislike limes and apples.
the united states is usually beautiful during august , but it is sometimes chilly in may .
china is sometimes busy during june , but it is never relaxing in january .
china is wonderful during october , and it is usually chilly in august .
why aren't we going to california ?
we like grapes , apples , and lemons .
the grape is my least liked fruit , but the mango is our least liked.
new jersey is wet during january , and it is sometimes relaxing in may .
india is never dry during august , and it is sometimes hot in january .
he dislikes oranges , strawberries , and peaches .
paris is sometimes pleasant during winter , and it is usually hot in july .
the united states is wonderful during august , and it is usually mild in fall .
your least favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but their least favorite is the apple .
france is usually quiet during may , and it is wonderful in june .
california is usually busy during november , but it is freezing in february .
new jersey is sometimes wet during october , and it is usually rainy in spring .
they like grapefruit , strawberries , and apples .
india is cold during autumn , but it is usually nice in july .
he liked a old red automobile .
we dislike apples , mangoes , and grapes .
california is never snowy during autumn , and it is usually wet in december .
his least favorite fruit is the pear , but her least favorite is the apple .
she dislikes grapes , peaches , and bananas .
paris is beautiful during june , and it is sometimes hot in july .
india is never freezing during autumn , but it is mild in april .
he is driving a old green automobile .
the strawberry is your least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is their least liked.
her favorite fruit is the peach , but my favorite is the lime .
the united states is usually wonderful during march , but it is never cold in summer .
india is cold during summer , and it is never chilly in february .
california is sometimes pleasant during autumn , but it is sometimes quiet in may .
they dislike bananas , pears , and strawberries .
the united states is never hot during fall , but it is sometimes chilly in winter .
new jersey is usually wonderful during autumn , but it is pleasant in october .
paris is usually wonderful during spring , and it is never quiet in july .
china is usually nice during autumn , but it is rainy in february .
she was driving the shiny blue truck .
their favorite fruit is the orange , but your favorite is the lemon .
china is beautiful during march , and it is usually dry in november .
india is sometimes wet during october , but it is usually nice in january .
paris is wonderful during autumn , and it is sometimes mild in may .
he dislikes bananas , mangoes , and peaches .
the united states is usually dry during december , but it is cold in september .
you dislike grapefruit , mangoes , and peaches .
india is usually nice during march , and it is quiet in july .
the grapefruit is her least favorite fruit , but the grape is my least favorite .
china is wet during summer , and it is never warm in august .
india is usually quiet during april , and it is sometimes warm in september .
france is usually wonderful during january , and it is usually cold in april .
his least favorite fruit is the lemon , but your least favorite is the orange .
france is never rainy during spring , but it is never relaxing in winter .
our most loved fruit is the peach , but my most loved is the grapefruit .
india is sometimes relaxing during july , and it is never cold in october .
she likes limes , bananas , and lemons .
our most loved fruit is the peach , but your most loved is the lime .
the lemon is your favorite fruit , but the orange is my favorite .
we dislike apples , mangoes , and lemons .
california is usually wet during february , and it is snowy in april .
your favorite fruit is the mango , but my favorite is the lemon .
france is never wonderful during may , but it is usually beautiful in spring .
the united states is quiet during november , and it is sometimes chilly in summer .
china is never freezing during september , and it is usually mild in autumn .
paris is sometimes snowy during may , and it is hot in december .
her most loved fruit is the apple , but your most loved is the banana .
he is going to india next september .
you dislike grapefruit , limes , and oranges .
paris is sometimes wonderful during august , but it is usually nice in april .
our favorite fruit is the apple , but my favorite is the strawberry .
they dislike peaches and pears .
paris is quiet during july , but it is warm in fall .
the united states is never quiet during summer , but it is nice in may .
the apple is his favorite fruit , but the grape is my favorite .
he drove the new yellow truck .
you dislike grapefruit , apples , and bananas .
the apple is his least liked fruit , but the banana is my least liked .
their least liked fruit is the lime , but your least liked is the pear.
he dislikes lemons , grapefruit , and peaches.
your least favorite fruit is the mango , but my least favorite is the orange .
she thinks it's difficult to translate chinese to spanish .
france is sometimes wet during fall , but it is sometimes quiet in february .
china is sometimes hot during april , and it is sometimes chilly in winter .
we dislike grapefruit and strawberries .
california is sometimes beautiful during july , and it is never warm in august .
california is usually wet during april , and it is sometimes pleasant in fall .
california is usually warm during summer , but it is usually chilly in fall .
the mango is her least favorite fruit , but the grape is your least favorite .
china is sometimes pleasant during june , but it is sometimes freezing in autumn .
he dislikes oranges , lemons , and pears .
france is usually wet during november , but it is rainy in spring .
she likes grapes , apples , and grapefruit.
you like apples , mangoes , and pears .
the united states is usually chilly during summer , and it is never hot in winter .
california is never snowy during may , but it is never rainy in june .
paris is sometimes mild during september , and it is cold in march .
the mango is their most loved fruit , but the peach is his most loved .
paris is sometimes wonderful during july , but it is never quiet in january .
paris is never chilly during november , but it is usually freezing in september .
india is never snowy during september , and it is busy in summer .
she dislikes mangoes , grapes , and lemons.
india is usually wonderful during may , but it is dry in december .
france is rainy during june , and it is usually hot in summer .
the apple is her least liked fruit , but the peach is their least liked .
new jersey is cold during september , but it is snowy in may .
they dislike strawberries , oranges , and bananas .
the united states is usually quiet during december , but it is usually dry in summer .
california is sometimes busy during fall , and it is relaxing in july .
paris is sometimes dry during august , and it is usually wet in july .
he likes oranges , bananas , and limes .
china is sometimes pleasant during may , and it is sometimes dry in fall .
the strawberry is our least favorite fruit , but the lemon is their least favorite.
your least liked fruit is the grapefruit , but their least liked is the mango .
california is sometimes chilly during february , but it is usually dry in december .
the peach is her least favorite fruit , but the strawberry is our least favorite .
paris is never cold during summer , and it is rainy in november .
he wants to go to the united states next june .
the united states is never relaxing during december , and it is sometimes quiet in august .
india is usually quiet during november , but it is sometimes beautiful in march .
her least favorite fruit is the banana , but our least favorite is the strawberry .
china is sometimes rainy during september , and it is freezing in june .
china is sometimes hot during october , and it is usually mild in february .
india is never snowy during july , and it is usually dry in june .
they might go to paris next december .
france is sometimes warm during february , but it is sometimes dry in july .
he dislikes a big red automobile .
she wants to go to china next may .
their most loved fruit is the strawberry , but my most loved is the peach.
india is usually wonderful during march , and it is chilly in september .
china is never rainy during september , and it is sometimes chilly in october .
the peach is her least liked fruit , but the mango is my least liked .
india is never wet during summer , but it is rainy in spring .
new jersey is beautiful during january , and it is never cold in december .
california is sometimes pleasant during february , and it is sometimes wonderful in autumn .
he went to california last september .
india is never warm during march , and it is usually mild in february .
their least favorite fruit is the mango , but your least favorite is the strawberry .
the peach is your most loved fruit , but the orange is their most loved .
your least favorite animal was this snake .
france is never chilly during august , and it is sometimes warm in july .
i like grapes , peaches , and mangoes .
he likes strawberries , grapes , and oranges .
new jersey is never relaxing during may , and it is sometimes nice in august .
california is quiet during june , and it is never busy in winter .
she thinks translating between spanish and chinese is easy .
the strawberry is her favorite fruit , but the grape is our favorite .
their most loved fruit is the orange , but her most loved is the lemon .
the banana is her least favorite fruit , but the lime is our least favorite .
china is never chilly during may , but it is sometimes warm in january .
the banana is their most loved fruit , but the strawberry is our most loved .
china is beautiful during october , but it is busy in fall .
paris is never hot during april , and it is sometimes wonderful in fall .
paris is usually relaxing during april , but it is sometimes dry in january .
they went to california last fall .
the united states is busy during february , and it is sometimes cold in march .
he dislikes apples , mangoes , and bananas .
india is never pleasant during march , and it is usually nice in winter .
he likes mangoes , apples , and strawberries .
the apple is my least favorite fruit , but the grape is our least favorite .
india is never quiet during july , but it is rainy in august .
france is never chilly during autumn , and it is sometimes quiet in march .
she likes strawberries , pears , and mangoes .
california is never quiet during december , and it is hot in summer .
india is usually quiet during summer , and it is sometimes wonderful in august .
she dislikes mangoes , limes , and peaches.
he dislikes limes , grapefruit , and lemons .
california is never quiet during january , but it is usually freezing in july .
china is usually nice during august , and it is usually hot in november .
he dislikes peaches , grapes , and apples .
california is usually hot during september , and it is sometimes dry in december .
paris is never quiet during january , and it is never relaxing in winter .
new jersey is freezing during september , and it is usually pleasant in december .
france is usually hot during january , and it is sometimes nice in december .
he likes grapes , grapefruit , and bananas.
i like oranges , grapes , and apples .
france is usually freezing during november , and it is sometimes snowy in spring .
their favorite fruit is the strawberry , but my favorite is the apple.
france is usually nice during january , and it is never mild in july .
china is sometimes cold during april , and it is wet in june .
india is rainy during june , and it is beautiful in august .
new jersey is usually mild during february , but it is never freezing in may .
france is usually relaxing during december , but it is never beautiful in january .
the strawberry is our favorite fruit , but the lemon is his favorite.
california is usually snowy during december , but it is never warm in may .
california is usually busy during september , and it is hot in november .
the lemon is your least favorite fruit , but the apple is our least favorite .
china is sometimes pleasant during august , and it is never wonderful in fall .
the grapefruit is his favorite fruit , but the orange is my favorite.
paris is usually relaxing during november , and it is usually beautiful in february .
india is usually wonderful during january , but it is usually pleasant in spring .
she dislikes lemons , peaches , and mangoes .
china is wonderful during fall , and it is sometimes quiet in spring .
the apple is her most loved fruit , but the peach is our most loved .
he likes peaches , lemons , and apples .
china is cold during february , and it is never dry in fall .
new jersey is usually snowy during september , and it is usually quiet in june .
china is sometimes wonderful during october , and it is never wet in august .
china is never quiet during july , and it is never hot in september .
the peach is your least liked fruit , but the lemon is his least liked .
she likes peaches and apples .
the grapefruit is our most loved fruit , but the peach is her most loved .
india is sometimes hot during april , and it is usually busy in fall .
he dislikes bananas , apples , and peaches .
france is sometimes busy during january , and it is cold in december .
new jersey is warm during summer , and it is never cold in january .
her favorite fruit is the apple , but their favorite is the banana .
he dislikes pears , lemons , and grapefruit .
she likes grapefruit , oranges , and bananas .
he likes lemons , pears , and mangoes.
india is never relaxing during june , and it is sometimes busy in september .
france is usually chilly during july , and it is never snowy in february .
china is sometimes chilly during december , and it is never nice in summer .
your least favorite fruit is the peach , but my least favorite is the pear .
paris is beautiful during spring , but it is sometimes hot in summer .
she saw the rusty yellow truck .
the united states is usually snowy during march , and it is pleasant in fall .
china is relaxing during may , and it is never cold in november .
new jersey is usually relaxing during march , but it is hot in autumn .
paris is never mild during winter , and it is chilly in spring .
california is busy during fall , but it is usually mild in april .
they like grapes , lemons , and grapefruit .
new jersey is usually dry during july .
paris is never relaxing during february , but it is usually hot in july .
india is sometimes wonderful during august , but it is usually chilly in september .
china is never nice during february , but it is never busy in october .
paris is usually nice during winter , and it is sometimes cold in october .
california is sometimes cold during winter , but it is usually mild in autumn .
he likes pears and grapefruit .
the strawberry is his favorite fruit , but the banana is their favorite .
their least favorite fruit is the peach , but our least favorite is the pear .
he likes grapes , mangoes , and limes.
my most loved animals are snakes .
california is usually warm during winter , and it is never nice in august .
his least liked fruit is the lemon , but our least liked is the mango .
she dislikes peaches , grapes , and grapefruit .
he drove a big red truck .
the grapefruit is my least liked fruit , but the lemon is our least liked .
india is usually cold during march , but it is never wonderful in june .
china is sometimes pleasant during winter , and it is never wonderful in july .
france is usually warm during september , and it is relaxing in spring .
new jersey is never warm during january , and it is never chilly in may .
she is driving a old green truck .
my favorite fruit is the pear , but our favorite is the mango .
the united states is usually freezing during october , but it is quiet in fall .
the orange is her favorite fruit , but the strawberry is their favorite .
california is sometimes snowy during september , but it is usually pleasant in may .
new jersey is never snowy during january , and it is freezing in september .
he dislikes apples , strawberries , and lemons .
he drove that shiny black truck .
the mango is our most loved fruit , but the grapefruit is your most loved .
he dislikes a new red truck .
the united states is relaxing during winter , but it is never rainy in fall .
india is busy during may , but it is never mild in winter .
france is sometimes warm during october , but it is never pleasant in may .
california is usually mild during november , but it is freezing in january .
do you think translating between english and portuguese is fun ?
you dislike pears , peaches , and limes .
the lemon is your most loved fruit , but the lime is my most loved .
the banana is her least favorite fruit , but the apple is their least favorite .
the grape is her favorite fruit , but the lemon is my favorite.
she likes lemons , limes , and grapes.
you dislike peaches , lemons , and strawberries .
he disliked a new black truck .
the united states is never rainy during spring , and it is usually quiet in october .
the pear is his least favorite fruit , but the grape is my least favorite .
they dislike mangoes , strawberries , and pears.
new jersey is usually dry during june , and it is busy in september .
france is never beautiful during october , and it is snowy in fall .
the pear is his least liked fruit , but the peach is our least liked .
the united states is usually nice during august , and it is never freezing in autumn .
the united states is never dry during spring , and it is usually beautiful in fall .
new jersey is never nice during april , and it is wet in winter .
paris is usually rainy during september , but it is usually nice in january .
california is nice during august , but it is sometimes pleasant in february .
the lime is his favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is your favorite .
california is sometimes rainy during october , but it is snowy in spring .
france is dry during june , but it is never wonderful in autumn .
india is never rainy during august , and it is usually pleasant in october .
india is usually busy during november , but it is sometimes freezing in fall .
your favorite fruit is the pear , but his favorite is the peach .
she likes limes , lemons , and strawberries .
france is sometimes pleasant during march , and it is usually cold in november .
the orange is her least liked fruit , but the pear is his least liked .
he dislikes lemons , bananas , and grapes.
new jersey is never pleasant during november , but it is dry in autumn .
my least favorite fruit is the lime , but her least favorite is the lemon .
california is usually beautiful during january , and it is usually hot in summer .
she likes that new green automobile .
india is sometimes freezing during november , and it is busy in october .
grapefruit are my favorite fruit .
they dislike limes , pears , and grapefruit.
we dislike apples , mangoes , and grapefruit .
he likes peaches , oranges , and pears .
our favorite fruit is the lemon , but your favorite is the peach .
he saw that shiny blue automobile .
our most loved fruit is the apple , but his most loved is the strawberry .
paris is dry during november , but it is pleasant in autumn .
he likes strawberries , bananas , and mangoes .
she dislikes mangoes and grapes.
new jersey is quiet during july , and it is sometimes pleasant in autumn .
california is sometimes chilly during november , but it is never rainy in may .
the united states is sometimes mild during april , but it is sometimes warm in march .
china is never mild during spring , but it is never pleasant in february .
new jersey is sometimes snowy during autumn , but it is never chilly in spring .
why is he going to paris ?
california is usually busy during summer , and it is never warm in august .
india is sometimes chilly during january , but it is mild in december .
she likes limes , grapes , and grapefruit .
your most loved animal was this horse .
they dislike apples , grapes , and oranges .
their favorite fruit is the lime , but her favorite is the mango .
his least liked fruit is the lemon , but your least liked is the banana .
he likes apples , bananas , and oranges .
she dislikes limes , peaches , and mangoes.
california is wet during autumn , but it is freezing in february .
india is sometimes cold during november , and it is never wonderful in summer .
paris is never mild during may , and it is usually nice in april .
china is freezing during february , and it is sometimes cold in june .
china is beautiful during january , and it is never busy in may .
california is warm during fall , and it is sometimes cold in february .
my most feared animal was this bear .
she dislikes bananas , peaches , and lemons .
france is usually pleasant during winter , and it is sometimes relaxing in may .
new jersey is sometimes beautiful during october , and it is usually busy in spring .
your least liked fruit is the pear , but her least liked is the orange .
that lion is my least favorite animal .
they dislike pears , oranges , and mangoes .
paris is busy during autumn , and it is pleasant in march .
he likes lemons , bananas , and pears.
france is hot during spring , but it is cold in fall .
she liked the shiny white car .
the peach is your most loved fruit , but the grapefruit is their most loved .
she drives a big blue truck .
the united states is usually hot during january , but it is sometimes warm in august .
she saw a little blue truck .
new jersey is usually wonderful during january , but it is mild in april .
the united states is never mild during november , and it is usually dry in july .
the united states is usually chilly during july , but it is sometimes cold in february .
new jersey is usually dry during september , and it is relaxing in summer .
he disliked the shiny yellow car .
california is usually snowy during autumn , and it is usually cold in april .
the united states is sometimes busy during spring , and it is usually dry in november .
new jersey is usually beautiful during november , but it is sometimes snowy in october .
the lime is your least liked fruit , but the mango is her least liked .
their favorite fruit is the mango , but his favorite is the orange .
paris is wonderful during november , but it is usually wet in june .
he likes peaches , apples , and pears .
california is sometimes relaxing during july , but it is mild in fall .
california is sometimes warm during february , but it is sometimes beautiful in october .
they dislike bananas , mangoes , and grapes .
strawberries are your least favorite fruit .
their most loved fruit is the peach , but your most loved is the pear .
the united states is nice during january , and it is usually hot in spring .
the grapefruit is our least favorite fruit , but the apple is your least favorite .
new jersey is sometimes mild during august , and it is sometimes dry in april .
paris is never quiet during may , but it is sometimes snowy in april .
china is usually busy during summer , but it is sometimes pleasant in may .
new jersey is sometimes snowy during autumn , but it is cold in may .
he dislikes strawberries , grapefruit , and peaches .
she drives the old red truck .
the united states is sometimes busy during autumn , but it is sometimes quiet in july .
why didn't she go to india ?
her favorite animal is the lion .
this bear was his most feared animal .
you dislike apples , strawberries , and pears .
new jersey is never busy during july , but it is usually dry in february .
france is usually dry during september , and it is sometimes snowy in august .
paris is pleasant during november , but it is nice in may .
new jersey is usually rainy during july , and it is usually hot in december .
the united states is never warm during autumn , but it is usually wet in november .
the strawberry is our least liked fruit , but the banana is their least liked.
china is usually cold during october , and it is sometimes dry in july .
new jersey is sometimes chilly during january , and it is sometimes freezing in march .
california is never mild during october , but it is never chilly in spring .
the orange is your favorite fruit , but the pear is her favorite .
your most loved fruit is the orange .
paris is sometimes dry during may , but it is quiet in november .
the strawberry is her favorite fruit , but the mango is my favorite .
france is sometimes chilly during september , and it is never quiet in april .
the united states is usually cold during september , but it is never nice in spring .
india is sometimes cold during december , but it is usually nice in january .
california is never wet during september , but it is sometimes wonderful in summer .
he likes bananas and mangoes .
the united states is never chilly during autumn , and it is never snowy in december .
new jersey is sometimes beautiful during january , but it is sometimes quiet in april .
paris is never chilly during june , and it is never busy in december .
the united states is usually nice during autumn , and it is never quiet in fall .
she likes limes , pears , and lemons.
california is never wet during june , but it is sometimes rainy in autumn .
new jersey is sometimes hot during july , but it is usually warm in march .
new jersey is sometimes pleasant during may , but it is usually snowy in august .
he plans to visit france next december .
california is usually rainy during february , and it is never beautiful in spring .
his least favorite fruit is the lime , but our least favorite is the lemon .
our most loved fruit is the lemon , but his most loved is the orange .
china is never pleasant during september , and it is sometimes busy in august .
the grapefruit is her least favorite fruit , but the lime is your least favorite .
india is never cold during november , and it is usually freezing in june .
the orange is your least liked fruit , but the pear is her least liked .
why are you going to paris ?
china is usually hot during may , and it is never dry in june .
he drove a little yellow car .
my least liked fruit is the orange , but his least liked is the banana .
india is hot during december , and it is usually snowy in july .
the apple is your least liked fruit , but the peach is his least liked .
california is never busy during march , and it is hot in january .
my favorite fruit is the apple , but their favorite is the peach .
china is never hot during spring , and it is sometimes snowy in september .
his favorite fruit is the mango , but her favorite is the grape .
china is never relaxing during summer , and it is mild in june .
france is usually wet during october , but it is beautiful in november .
the united states is never wonderful during winter , but it is never hot in july .
the apple is my least favorite fruit , but the pear is your least favorite .
new jersey is mild during february , and it is sometimes beautiful in december .
paris is never warm during fall , and it is usually rainy in october .
are they going to the lake ?
they like grapes and mangoes .
our most loved fruit is the lemon , but your most loved is the banana .
she dislikes pears , lemons , and strawberries .
new jersey is usually warm during september , and it is usually relaxing in autumn .
the united states is sometimes mild during february , but it is sometimes warm in january .
france is usually warm during march , and it is usually rainy in july .
the strawberry is his least favorite fruit , but the pear is our least favorite .
the united states is never relaxing during may , and it is usually warm in spring .
california is cold during september , and it is never beautiful in autumn .
india is never hot during july , and it is never busy in winter .
china is usually hot during fall , and it is chilly in november .
he dislikes limes , oranges , and pears .
paris is never hot during fall , but it is never mild in january .
new jersey is usually wonderful during june , but it is usually rainy in september .
california is never wonderful during july , and it is never nice in summer .
her most loved animal was that shark .
he likes pears , grapefruit , and grapes .
my least liked fruit is the mango , but our least liked is the grape .
he likes oranges , limes , and apples .
my least liked fruit is the strawberry , but their least liked is the pear.
they might go to california next november .
the united states is warm during october , and it is freezing in november .
he likes limes , bananas , and strawberries .
they plan to visit new jersey in winter .
she dislikes pears , grapefruit , and grapes .
california is usually dry during october , but it is sometimes hot in summer .
the united states is usually beautiful during fall , but it is quiet in september .
he dislikes mangoes , lemons , and oranges .
india is usually busy during fall , and it is usually snowy in april .
france is usually busy during december , and it is sometimes wonderful in january .
he dislikes apples , limes , and peaches .
new jersey is usually rainy during february , and it is never wet in january .
the lemon is their favorite fruit , but the lime is her favorite .
the united states is never cold during november , and it is sometimes nice in february .
india is never cold during winter , but it is usually busy in spring .
new jersey is usually beautiful during winter , but it is never quiet in november .
the monkey was my favorite animal .
new jersey is usually freezing during february , but it is usually mild in august .
california is pleasant during february , and it is relaxing in fall .
she plans to visit california next autumn .
california is mild during april , but it is sometimes cold in spring .
my least favorite animals are lions .
paris is dry during november , and it is usually freezing in march .
india is sometimes dry during march , and it is usually rainy in autumn .
india is never hot during march , and it is usually relaxing in autumn .
their most loved fruit is the apple , but his most loved is the lemon .
paris is sometimes warm during spring , but it is never freezing in june .
the lemon is our least favorite fruit , but the peach is their least favorite .
i like grapes , apples , and bananas .
dogs were your favorite animals .
he dislikes peaches , apples , and bananas .
india is dry during april , but it is never hot in november .
he likes bananas , pears , and limes .
he likes bananas , strawberries , and pears .
the united states is never busy during november , but it is pleasant in august .
paris is never rainy during august , but it is never snowy in november .
china is chilly during february , but it is sometimes beautiful in march .
france is busy during winter , but it is sometimes warm in january .
paris is sometimes rainy during september , and it is usually dry in july .
new jersey is never snowy during march , and it is cold in december .
my most loved animal is that cat .
the united states is relaxing during may , but it is never freezing in january .
we like mangoes , strawberries , and lemons.
paris is usually quiet during autumn , and it is never beautiful in march .
the banana is our favorite fruit , but the grape is her favorite .
he likes bananas , pears , and strawberries .
our favorite fruit is the strawberry , but my favorite is the apple.
paris is freezing during spring , and it is beautiful in may .
india is sometimes freezing during january , but it is sometimes hot in autumn .
china is chilly during november , and it is snowy in fall .
new jersey is usually rainy during september , and it is busy in january .
france is usually chilly during march , and it is usually pleasant in july .
my most loved fruit is the strawberry , but their most loved is the grapefruit.
the united states is usually warm during fall , and it is mild in summer .
france is sometimes cold during autumn , but it is never snowy in november .
she wanted to go to paris last july .
the banana is our least favorite fruit , but the mango is your least favorite .
her least favorite animal is this elephant .
his most loved animal is this snake .
new jersey is hot during june , but it is sometimes relaxing in december .
new jersey is sometimes relaxing during autumn , but it is never quiet in winter .
france is usually pleasant during fall , and it is relaxing in november .
she dislikes mangoes , lemons , and bananas.
paris is sometimes beautiful during fall , and it is never busy in december .
the lemon is my favorite fruit , but the strawberry is your favorite .
france is usually relaxing during winter , but it is sometimes wet in december .
the united states is usually freezing during september , and it is sometimes hot in autumn .
the grape is our least liked fruit , but the pear is her least liked .
paris is usually busy during fall , but it is never relaxing in november .
the apple is their favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is his favorite .
china is sometimes snowy during july , but it is never nice in september .
new jersey is usually mild during april , but it is dry in fall .
the united states is never busy during spring , but it is never dry in october .
france is rainy during august , but it is wet in june .
they dislike strawberries , grapefruit , and pears .
translating between french and spanish is fun .
france is hot during july , and it is usually mild in autumn .
he likes pears , peaches , and apples .
she dislikes grapefruit , grapes , and lemons .
your most loved fruit is the orange , but her most loved is the apple .
i dislike limes , mangoes , and grapes.
new jersey is never wet during spring , and it is sometimes mild in winter .
she likes strawberries , pears , and bananas .
he dislikes lemons , grapefruit , and limes.
france is never snowy during october , and it is never nice in autumn .
new jersey is usually chilly during august , but it is never dry in april .
the united states is usually rainy during november , but it is dry in spring .
paris is dry during fall , but it is nice in october .
we dislike bananas , mangoes , and strawberries .
the united states is never wonderful during february , but it is sometimes warm in autumn .
california is wet during january , but it is relaxing in summer .
china is never chilly during february , but it is never wonderful in autumn .
india is cold during december , and it is chilly in july .
new jersey is usually rainy during july , and it is never warm in fall .
she likes bananas , grapefruit , and limes .
you dislike grapefruit , oranges , and apples .
you dislike grapes , mangoes , and oranges .
their least favorite fruit is the lemon , but our least favorite is the grapefruit .
our most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but her most loved is the pear .
new jersey is sometimes mild during may , and it is relaxing in winter .
you like apples and oranges .
california is never pleasant during may , but it is sometimes rainy in october .
we dislike grapes , pears , and bananas .
india is usually mild during autumn , but it is chilly in september .
he likes bananas , pears , and peaches .
france is usually freezing during august , and it is quiet in autumn .
your least liked fruit is the pear , but her least liked is the peach .
her favorite fruit is the orange , but his favorite is the pear .
india is usually hot during spring , and it is usually warm in april .
when did he go to new jersey ?
my favorite fruit is the peach , but your favorite is the lemon .
france is sometimes freezing during january , and it is relaxing in april .
the united states is rainy during july , but it is sometimes busy in summer .
paris is sometimes quiet during july , and it is usually freezing in autumn .
california is cold during november , but it is usually beautiful in february .
new jersey is rainy during autumn , and it is freezing in spring .
the lemon is our least favorite fruit , but the banana is his least favorite .
california is nice during may , but it is sometimes relaxing in february .
india is never busy during april , and it is usually beautiful in spring .
he dislikes oranges , lemons , and peaches .
new jersey is wonderful during spring , and it is dry in august .
china is never chilly during october , but it is freezing in march .
he dislikes oranges , apples , and lemons .
new jersey is usually busy during summer , but it is warm in september .
he likes pears , lemons , and grapes .
the united states is snowy during summer , but it is never chilly in november .
france is sometimes beautiful during october , but it is never dry in autumn .
your most loved animal is the cat .
she dislikes lemons , strawberries , and oranges .
the united states is sometimes relaxing during february , but it is sometimes cold in november .
she likes apples , limes , and bananas .
she likes apples , oranges , and pears .
they like apples , strawberries , and mangoes .
india is sometimes rainy during may , and it is usually cold in august .
paris is never wet during fall , and it is usually wonderful in winter .
she dislikes strawberries , limes , and lemons .
india is usually pleasant during august , but it is never snowy in january .
california is usually cold during october , but it is quiet in summer .
new jersey is usually pleasant during september , and it is snowy in march .
the united states is usually quiet during july , but it is warm in april .
she dislikes bananas , pears , and oranges .
our favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but their favorite is the strawberry .
the united states is usually chilly during september , and it is never pleasant in august .
she wants to go to the united states next february .
california is usually snowy during september , and it is never chilly in winter .
the orange is his least liked fruit , but the apple is her least liked .
new jersey is never quiet during july , and it is usually snowy in september .
california is hot during june , but it is usually freezing in january .
california is usually busy during winter , but it is usually pleasant in fall .
she dislikes bananas , strawberries , and mangoes .
france is wet during april , but it is usually quiet in july .
the united states is usually dry during january , and it is sometimes wonderful in september .
the lemon is our favorite fruit , but the lime is her favorite .
the pear is her favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is his favorite .
new jersey is sometimes mild during summer , and it is usually hot in march .
france is usually freezing during june , and it is relaxing in march .
india is dry during october , but it is usually wet in june .
new jersey is sometimes hot during september , but it is relaxing in autumn .
france is hot during fall , but it is freezing in september .
india is usually beautiful during autumn , but it is never busy in january .
india is pleasant during april , but it is never hot in august .
the united states is usually freezing during november , and it is sometimes pleasant in september .
your least favorite fruit is the apple , but our least favorite is the peach .
france is mild during fall , but it is usually busy in spring .
china is usually nice during fall , but it is never pleasant in spring .
he likes oranges , pears , and mangoes .
they like pears , limes , and peaches .
india is beautiful during november , and it is wonderful in february .
they might go to new jersey next winter .
we dislike pears and limes .
india is dry during december , and it is usually cold in winter .
she was driving a shiny blue automobile .
france is usually pleasant during june , but it is wet in november .
france is usually pleasant during january , but it is never freezing in october .
he likes grapes , grapefruit , and bananas.
new jersey is never hot during july , but it is sometimes relaxing in summer .
have you been to the united states ?
california is nice during autumn , but it is never quiet in march .
india is beautiful during september , and it is quiet in april .
new jersey is never snowy during august , and it is nice in february .
california is usually relaxing during summer , but it is sometimes warm in september .
india is usually relaxing during october , and it is snowy in march .
the orange is your least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is my least liked .
china is usually chilly during summer , and it is sometimes wet in november .
our least favorite fruit is the mango , but your least favorite is the grape .
his favorite animal is that monkey .
california is never warm during august , and it is never wonderful in march .
they like lemons , apples , and mangoes .
china is wonderful during july , but it is sometimes chilly in november .
new jersey is snowy during march , but it is usually freezing in spring .
france is sometimes chilly during spring , and it is sometimes warm in march .
california is never wet during october , but it is sometimes warm in autumn .
his favorite fruit is the orange , but their favorite is the apple .
his favorite fruit is the lemon , but her favorite is the banana .
he dislikes grapefruit , grapes , and oranges .
the mango is your most loved fruit , but the banana is their most loved .
you dislike grapefruit , lemons , and limes .
france is busy during november , and it is sometimes wonderful in may .
the orange is our least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is their least liked .
france is wonderful during september , and it is usually rainy in november .
china is sometimes dry during june , but it is usually snowy in november .
china is never freezing during october , and it is never busy in july .
you dislike strawberries , bananas , and grapefruit .
new jersey is sometimes relaxing during december , but it is never warm in summer .
france is usually mild during february , and it is never chilly in may .
their least favorite fruit is the banana , but my least favorite is the orange .
new jersey is rainy during february , but it is usually wonderful in april .
the united states is never wet during march , but it is sometimes quiet in spring .
he likes peaches , limes , and lemons .
their least liked fruit is the banana , but your least liked is the apple .
china is relaxing during april , but it is usually chilly in october .
strawberries are your favorite fruit .
china is never wonderful during march , and it is never dry in september .
india is rainy during july , but it is usually hot in june .
france is freezing during january , but it is never busy in november .
we plan to visit france in summer .
his least favorite fruit is the lime , but my least favorite is the peach .
her least favorite fruit is the banana , but his least favorite is the lime .
she likes grapefruit , limes , and bananas .
she drives the rusty blue truck .
we plan to visit france next may .
france is nice during summer , and it is sometimes mild in january .
india is usually beautiful during september , but it is usually freezing in august .
india is usually wonderful during september , and it is usually snowy in november .
the strawberry is your favorite fruit , but the apple is her favorite.
new jersey is never freezing during january , but it is usually dry in october .
china is busy during summer , but it is usually pleasant in november .
india is sometimes cold during april , and it is sometimes chilly in october .
the lemon is your most loved fruit , but the strawberry is my most loved .
she dislikes apples , mangoes , and limes .
he was driving a rusty white automobile .
china is sometimes wonderful during may , but it is busy in autumn .
france is never snowy during summer , but it is pleasant in july .
she likes peaches , apples , and grapes .
india is chilly during fall , but it is sometimes quiet in june .
the mango is my least favorite fruit , but the pear is their least favorite .
your least favorite fruit is the lime .
china is quiet during september , but it is chilly in october .
i dislike grapefruit , peaches , and lemons .
california is sometimes warm during september , and it is never hot in february .
new jersey is usually mild during july , but it is usually quiet in november .
paris is wet during february , but it is quiet in november .
california is cold during february , and it is usually freezing in november .
california is wonderful during november , but it is usually freezing in september .
new jersey is usually chilly during winter , but it is sometimes freezing in july .
he dislikes grapefruit , limes , and strawberries .
my least favorite fruit is the mango , but your least favorite is the orange .
the strawberry is his most loved fruit , but the lime is our most loved .
new jersey is cold during october , but it is usually pleasant in february .
new jersey is never chilly during december , but it is usually mild in summer .
india is sometimes mild during april , and it is usually pleasant in summer .
her most feared animal was this elephant .
he is driving the big blue truck .
new jersey is never wonderful during july , and it is usually hot in summer .
the orange is her least favorite fruit , but the pear is their least favorite .
the pear is her most loved fruit , but the grapefruit is your most loved .
paris is never dry during august , and it is relaxing in february .
the united states is usually wet during january , and it is never dry in november .
california is never warm during winter , and it is never freezing in july .
france is sometimes pleasant during spring , but it is sometimes dry in july .
california is usually pleasant during december , and it is nice in may .
france is never dry during fall , and it is wet in winter .
the grapefruit is his most loved fruit , but the orange is her most loved.
new jersey is sometimes mild during may , and it is sometimes quiet in spring .
i like grapes , oranges , and grapefruit .
new jersey is never wet during february , but it is never wonderful in october .
he dislikes mangoes , strawberries , and apples .
she likes grapes and peaches .
china is never dry during december , and it is never warm in october .
we plan to visit india next august .
you dislike limes , apples , and pears.
california is usually warm during winter , and it is never snowy in october .
new jersey is never freezing during january , but it is never relaxing in august .
california is never pleasant during august , but it is sometimes freezing in summer .
new jersey is never mild during may , but it is sometimes pleasant in spring .
your least favorite fruit is the mango , but my least favorite is the lime .
paris is sometimes warm during august , but it is sometimes mild in summer .
india is usually nice during may , and it is sometimes rainy in january .
china is never nice during spring , but it is usually quiet in january .
her most loved fruit is the grape , but my most loved is the orange.
the united states is sometimes dry during october , but it is never warm in november .
she thinks it is easy to translate between french and spanish .
the apple is her least favorite fruit , but the lemon is their least favorite .
she dislikes peaches , limes , and mangoes .
my favorite fruit is the pear , but their favorite is the peach .
she likes strawberries , lemons , and pears .
india is snowy during april , but it is sometimes relaxing in july .
he was driving a shiny white car .
the united states is usually nice during august , but it is sometimes busy in july .
the strawberry is your favorite fruit , but the pear is our favorite.
paris is usually busy during autumn , and it is sometimes freezing in august .
china is usually chilly during december , and it is usually freezing in march .
the mango is her most loved fruit , but the grapefruit is their most loved .
the grapefruit is our least favorite fruit , but the orange is his least favorite .
india is never nice during fall , but it is sometimes warm in october .
the united states is usually hot during december , but it is never mild in may .
your favorite fruit is the grape , but their favorite is the banana.
france is never beautiful during august , and it is usually chilly in autumn .
she dislikes bananas , oranges , and strawberries .
the grape is our most loved fruit , but the apple is your most loved .
france is warm during july , but it is nice in winter .
our least liked fruit is the banana , but your least liked is the pear .
she is driving a little red car .
china is never cold during september , and it is usually quiet in october .
india is warm during fall , and it is hot in february .
my favorite fruit is the strawberry , but your favorite is the peach.
india is never nice during february , and it is usually snowy in april .
her least liked fruit is the banana , but your least liked is the lemon .
she dislikes limes , lemons , and pears.
he likes grapefruit , lemons , and mangoes .
india is sometimes beautiful during june , but it is sometimes hot in march .
she dislikes oranges .
they dislike pears , bananas , and apples .
i like bananas , grapes , and oranges .
the grapefruit is your most loved fruit , but the pear is their most loved .
she disliked that shiny white truck .
our least favorite fruit is the lemon , but her least favorite is the pear .
paris is usually warm during december , and it is usually wonderful in may .
she disliked a big yellow automobile .
the lime is her favorite fruit , but the lemon is my favorite .
the lemon is his favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is my favorite .
you dislike limes , lemons , and bananas.
california is sometimes warm during march , and it is usually wet in summer .
they might go to california next january .
their least liked fruit is the strawberry , but our least liked is the grapefruit.
our favorite fruit is the peach , but his favorite is the apple .
we plan to visit china in spring .
paris is pleasant during march , and it is snowy in summer .
the banana is my favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is their favorite .
my least favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but his least favorite is the pear .
france is rainy during january , but it is never wet in spring .
india is usually beautiful during february , but it is usually dry in april .
he dislikes oranges , apples , and strawberries .
his most loved animals are monkeys .
she was driving that rusty green automobile .
the banana is their favorite fruit , but the pear is his favorite .
paris is never wonderful during june , and it is beautiful in august .
she likes mangoes , pears , and oranges .
he likes that little white automobile .
france is usually wet during october , and it is dry in summer .
paris is usually dry during september , but it is sometimes chilly in winter .
the grapefruit is my least favorite fruit , but the grape is our least favorite .
i think it is difficult to translate between spanish and english .
france is usually chilly during december , and it is never wet in march .
has she been to the school ?
they might go to paris next fall .
the lemon is my favorite fruit , but the mango is his favorite .
the united states is relaxing during summer , but it is usually chilly in fall .
they like grapes , pears , and bananas .
new jersey is sometimes snowy during fall , but it is usually mild in autumn .
china is sometimes busy during november , and it is usually nice in july .
california is snowy during october , and it is sometimes nice in march .
our least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but her least favorite is the banana.
they like grapes , strawberries , and oranges .
paris is never warm during august , and it is usually dry in december .
new jersey is never busy during march , but it is never beautiful in november .
new jersey is usually dry during november , and it is sometimes hot in june .
france is usually rainy during winter , and it is quiet in april .
california is mild during november , but it is usually wonderful in may .
the united states is chilly during may , and it is never dry in january .
paris is never busy during winter , but it is usually warm in july .
new jersey is usually nice during september , but it is cold in june .
paris is never snowy during fall , and it is beautiful in autumn .
china is sometimes freezing during spring , but it is sometimes wet in winter .
he dislikes grapefruit , mangoes , and grapes .
the peach is her most loved fruit , but the orange is my most loved .
india is never freezing during winter , but it is sometimes nice in may .
china is never chilly during january , but it is usually nice in winter .
she thinks translating between portuguese and french is easy .
paris is sometimes busy during autumn , but it is sometimes chilly in spring .
we dislike pears , apples , and grapes .
she likes limes , mangoes , and peaches .
she dislikes mangoes , peaches , and grapes.
the united states is never wonderful during june , but it is busy in summer .
california is never mild during autumn , and it is usually rainy in february .
paris is never wonderful during fall , and it is wet in may .
they went to france .
paris is quiet during july , and it is sometimes dry in spring .
our least liked fruit is the pear , but their least liked is the strawberry .
india is usually wet during september , and it is sometimes nice in april .
he likes strawberries , grapefruit , and lemons .
california is sometimes snowy during april , and it is dry in winter .
paris is relaxing during fall , but it is never quiet in january .
you dislike grapefruit , peaches , and lemons .
the grape is my least favorite fruit , but the lemon is his least favorite.
france is rainy during july , and it is never chilly in autumn .
you like oranges , pears , and bananas .
california is usually beautiful during december , but it is sometimes chilly in winter .
india is usually cold during autumn , but it is usually wet in april .
china is never nice during june , and it is usually hot in summer .
the banana is your least liked fruit , but the peach is my least liked .
california is wet during august , and it is never mild in spring .
we dislike grapes , strawberries , and lemons .
my least liked fruit is the strawberry , but our least liked is the peach.
he saw the shiny white car .
new jersey is usually mild during june , but it is usually beautiful in fall .
the shark was your favorite animal .
she dislikes oranges , lemons , and apples .
the grape is his least liked fruit , but the pear is our least liked.
their most loved fruit is the strawberry , but our most loved is the apple.
the orange is our least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is their least favorite .
they like bananas , peaches , and strawberries .
china is sometimes mild during summer , but it is never beautiful in september .
new jersey is usually wonderful during march , but it is never freezing in august .
india is sometimes wet during november , but it is never dry in may .
she likes lemons , grapes , and strawberries.
paris is never pleasant during march , but it is rainy in october .
her most loved fruit is the orange , but our most loved is the lemon .
paris is never quiet during december , and it is never snowy in september .
you like grapefruit , pears , and bananas .
china is sometimes warm during spring , and it is never nice in april .
the united states is wonderful during spring , but it is usually hot in winter .
india is usually nice during spring , but it is quiet in january .
paris is usually cold during october , but it is sometimes beautiful in autumn .
their least liked fruit is the grapefruit , but your least liked is the peach .
france is sometimes hot during december , but it is usually pleasant in spring .
they like grapes , peaches , and bananas .
the united states is usually pleasant during autumn , but it is usually beautiful in fall .
he dislikes strawberries , apples , and bananas .
the lime is our least liked fruit , but the lemon is his least liked.
our most loved fruit is the orange , but his most loved is the lemon .
new jersey is usually rainy during november , but it is sometimes hot in summer .
the mango is my most loved fruit , but the peach is our most loved .
china is hot during october , but it is sometimes quiet in july .
they dislike peaches , strawberries , and oranges .
your least liked fruit is the orange .
he thinks it is easy to translate between french and spanish .
china is never warm during july , but it is usually hot in february .
india is sometimes snowy during february , and it is never nice in autumn .
her least favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but his least favorite is the strawberry .
california is usually freezing during december , but it is sometimes snowy in february .
your least liked fruit is the banana , but his least liked is the grapefruit .
india is never nice during april , but it is never wonderful in winter .
india is usually snowy during june , and it is pleasant in october .
the united states is warm during june , but it is usually pleasant in july .
your least liked fruit is the banana , but his least liked is the grape .
china is never freezing during february , but it is never cold in autumn .
the united states is chilly during february , but it is never snowy in spring .
the united states is sometimes wonderful during autumn , but it is usually cold in summer .
india is sometimes dry during autumn , but it is sometimes wonderful in august .
he dislikes mangoes , oranges , and bananas .
he likes limes , apples , and pears .
paris is usually quiet during october , and it is never hot in november .
china is sometimes pleasant during fall , and it is usually warm in november .
you like apples , grapes , and strawberries .
we like limes and pears.
the grape is her least liked fruit , but the banana is your least liked.
our least liked fruit is the strawberry , but her least liked is the lemon.
new jersey is sometimes mild during october , but it is usually rainy in spring .
this shark is my most loved animal .
he wants to go to india next autumn .
the peach is your most loved fruit , but the grapefruit is his most loved .
california is never dry during august , and it is chilly in fall .
she likes oranges , grapes , and pears .
india is chilly during spring , but it is sometimes nice in september .
we plan to visit paris next november .
the lime is their least favorite fruit , but the peach is her least favorite.
california is usually wet during february , but it is pleasant in august .
the united states is never chilly during autumn , but it is never beautiful in june .
she drove that new green truck .
she went to new jersey last october .
he dislikes lemons , bananas , and pears.
the orange is her least liked fruit , but the peach is their least liked .
california is usually freezing during december , and it is never pleasant in september .
the united states is never warm during fall , and it is beautiful in may .
paris is wonderful during april , but it is sometimes chilly in november .
india is chilly during june , and it is usually snowy in winter .
your favorite fruit is the grape , but my favorite is the lime.
china is never snowy during september , and it is sometimes mild in may .
her most loved fruit is the lime , but your most loved is the orange .
new jersey is sometimes cold during fall , and it is never wet in january .
france is never dry during spring , and it is never snowy in winter .
their most loved fruit is the strawberry , but your most loved is the grape.
california is usually mild during november , but it is usually dry in may .
she dislikes that shiny blue automobile .
new jersey is never cold during fall , and it is never nice in october .
the lemon is her least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is their least favorite .
france is never cold during summer , and it is wonderful in february .
china is never warm during january , but it is never nice in fall .
paris is usually wet during spring , and it is usually cold in fall .
he likes grapefruit , lemons , and oranges .
the united states is never relaxing during summer , but it is freezing in december .
my most loved fruit is the banana , but our most loved is the lemon .
their favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but my favorite is the banana .
the united states is wonderful during june , and it is never pleasant in november .
paris is sometimes relaxing during november , but it is never snowy in october .
the united states is usually busy during summer , and it is never pleasant in september .
she likes lemons , strawberries , and bananas.
new jersey is never quiet during march , but it is never freezing in december .
new jersey is never wonderful during january , and it is usually quiet in august .
my least favorite fruit is the banana , but his least favorite is the grapefruit .
new jersey is usually freezing during fall , but it is sometimes pleasant in may .
our favorite fruit is the lemon , but my favorite is the pear .
your least liked fruit is the banana , but their least liked is the strawberry .
india is never busy during february , and it is relaxing in september .
paris is usually busy during february , and it is never cold in may .
california is snowy during october , but it is sometimes warm in june .
paris is never warm during june , but it is rainy in january .
new jersey is sometimes chilly during september , and it is beautiful in july .
you dislike strawberries , bananas , and grapes .
the pear is my most loved fruit , but the lime is her most loved .
his most loved animals are mice .
her favorite fruit is the banana , but your favorite is the pear .
india is usually rainy during october , but it is never pleasant in august .
the banana is my favorite fruit , but the lime is his favorite .
california is never snowy during summer , and it is usually cold in march .
the orange is her least liked fruit , but the lemon is their least liked .
paris is sometimes busy during november , but it is usually cold in april .
they dislike apples , grapefruit , and peaches .
the united states is sometimes busy during october , and it is rainy in spring .
india is usually rainy during february , but it is never wonderful in fall .
the united states is sometimes beautiful during february , and it is usually mild in spring .
we dislike pears , mangoes , and bananas .
france is dry during spring , and it is sometimes cold in september .
our least liked fruit is the peach , but his least liked is the orange .
you like lemons , apples , and oranges .
he went to paris .
india is sometimes snowy during november , and it is sometimes nice in january .
china is never relaxing during december , but it is usually quiet in october .
india is usually rainy during may , and it is never hot in fall .
he dislikes apples , strawberries , and peaches .
california is never warm during fall , and it is usually wet in december .
paris is sometimes hot during may , and it is sometimes snowy in summer .
new jersey is snowy during september , and it is sometimes beautiful in december .
he liked that rusty black automobile .
the orange is my least favorite fruit , but the pear is your least favorite .
france is pleasant during autumn , and it is snowy in winter .
i think it is fun to translate between spanish and english .
you dislike apples , bananas , and limes .
the united states is usually quiet during fall , and it is rainy in october .
the united states is sometimes wet during april , but it is chilly in november .
the orange is his least liked fruit .
they dislike bananas and oranges .
he likes apples and strawberries .
paris is usually warm during february , and it is dry in may .
france is sometimes warm during september , and it is sometimes cold in november .
his most loved fruit is the peach , but my most loved is the lemon .
they might go to the united states next february .
china is never dry during october , and it is usually wonderful in may .
his least liked fruit is the lemon , but our least liked is the lime .
their most loved fruit is the grape , but her most loved is the banana .
his least favorite fruit is the lime , but her least favorite is the banana .
california is usually pleasant during april , and it is usually cold in march .
india is sometimes freezing during january , but it is usually beautiful in june .
france is sometimes relaxing during january , but it is sometimes rainy in spring .
india is sometimes beautiful during november , and it is mild in autumn .
california is pleasant during december , but it is never beautiful in winter .
china is usually wonderful during january , but it is sometimes snowy in autumn .
i dislike strawberries , bananas , and peaches .
i dislike apples , mangoes , and lemons .
his least liked fruit is the banana , but my least liked is the mango .
california is never wet during november , but it is warm in fall .
your least liked fruit is the lime , but our least liked is the mango .
she likes grapes , apples , and peaches.
new jersey is mild during june , and it is busy in november .
france is never snowy during august , but it is wet in november .
the grapefruit is my favorite fruit , but the grape is his favorite .
he wants to go to china  .
china is usually busy during autumn , but it is pleasant in december .
she likes a rusty white truck .
my favorite animal was this bear .
india is mild during february , and it is never beautiful in november .
china is sometimes snowy during june , but it is never nice in december .
paris is usually chilly during may , but it is never snowy in winter .
our least liked fruit is the mango , but his least liked is the lime .
paris is usually rainy during autumn , and it is sometimes cold in september .
india is usually pleasant during spring , and it is usually chilly in november .
he was driving a big white car .
france is never nice during winter , and it is never warm in october .
france is never chilly during february , but it is never freezing in fall .
they dislike limes , grapefruit , and lemons.
california is usually rainy during august , but it is sometimes chilly in autumn .
india is never nice during may , and it is sometimes relaxing in june .
the united states is sometimes relaxing during january , and it is wonderful in september .
california is sometimes rainy during november , but it is sometimes warm in spring .
the united states is busy during april , but it is usually mild in summer .
california is sometimes quiet during january , but it is sometimes beautiful in april .
he dislikes pears and grapes .
china is never busy during july , but it is never cold in december .
the lemon is your least favorite fruit , but the grape is their least favorite .
new jersey is quiet during february , and it is freezing in spring .
china is rainy during january , but it is sometimes quiet in spring .
his least liked fruit is the grapefruit , but our least liked is the orange.
paris is dry during june , but it is never beautiful in fall .
the peach is his favorite fruit , but the strawberry is our favorite .
paris is usually mild during may , and it is never chilly in december .
she is driving a big blue truck .
france is sometimes pleasant during august , and it is never relaxing in july .
california is never dry during august , and it is never pleasant in march .
she drives the new blue truck .
she dislikes the shiny blue truck .
france is dry during fall , but it is never mild in july .
india is never chilly during april , and it is quiet in august .
china is sometimes dry during march , but it is usually quiet in january .
china is usually chilly during november , and it is never beautiful in may .
india is never beautiful during august , but it is usually dry in november .
the peach is her least favorite fruit , but the apple is my least favorite .
the united states is never relaxing during october , and it is sometimes beautiful in february .
india is usually dry during june , and it is usually chilly in november .
he likes mangoes and pears .
the lemon is their most loved fruit , but the strawberry is your most loved .
he dislikes lemons and pears.
india is sometimes snowy during may , and it is never cold in november .
new jersey is sometimes beautiful during october , but it is usually quiet in summer .
france is snowy during may , and it is never quiet in spring .
the united states is never wonderful during february , but it is sometimes mild in winter .
india is usually rainy during september , but it is sometimes mild in july .
china is rainy during september , but it is nice in february .
his least liked fruit is the lemon , but my least liked is the peach .
the lime is her least favorite fruit , but the orange is their least favorite .
california is sometimes busy during november , and it is hot in april .
new jersey is usually mild during january , but it is sometimes wet in autumn .
he likes grapes , lemons , and bananas.
france is sometimes dry during august , but it is never snowy in december .
our favorite fruit is the strawberry , but your favorite is the peach.
france is usually cold during february , and it is never hot in october .
have you been to california ?
california is usually mild during june , but it is nice in november .
the united states is usually wonderful during spring , and it is usually pleasant in june .
she went to china last spring .
he likes bananas , grapefruit , and apples .
paris is never wonderful during autumn , but it is sometimes beautiful in march .
california is usually beautiful during june , but it is never dry in july .
california is usually freezing during spring , and it is chilly in march .
her favorite animal is this shark .
they dislike grapefruit , lemons , and apples .
the united states is sometimes relaxing during october , and it is usually cold in summer .
paris is rainy during february , but it is never chilly in july .
they like apples , peaches , and grapes .
paris is busy during fall , but it is never cold in july .
we dislike lemons , apples , and grapes .
china is never relaxing during march , and it is never cold in autumn .
california is never wet during april , and it is freezing in autumn .
my favorite animal was this lion .
new jersey is usually dry during december , but it is usually mild in autumn .
california is mild during june , and it is usually rainy in october .
india is sometimes freezing during summer , and it is usually rainy in september .
he likes peaches , grapes , and lemons .
you like mangoes , pears , and lemons.
india is freezing during december , but it is never rainy in fall .
i like grapefruit , mangoes , and lemons .
my least liked fruit is the mango , but your least liked is the lime .
the grape is our least liked fruit , but the orange is their least liked .
france is quiet during april , and it is never wet in june .
paris is never dry during spring , but it is never freezing in autumn .
china is never wonderful during fall , but it is sometimes snowy in winter .
paris is usually freezing during march , but it is sometimes nice in july .
the orange is our least favorite fruit , but the peach is your least favorite .
he dislikes grapefruit and oranges .
india is usually cold during autumn , and it is never dry in july .
the peach is their favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is our favorite .
the lime is my most loved fruit , but the mango is our most loved .
india is snowy during summer , and it is sometimes busy in winter .
california is usually pleasant during october , but it is sometimes cold in april .
india is never dry during february , and it is sometimes nice in december .
their least favorite fruit is the lime , but my least favorite is the orange.
paris is usually freezing during autumn , but it is usually rainy in november .
paris is sometimes busy during december , but it is never rainy in january .
she drives the big black truck .
china is usually wet during fall , and it is beautiful in may .
france is relaxing during fall , and it is usually quiet in july .
the united states is beautiful during october , and it is hot in may .
the pear is their most loved fruit , but the mango is our most loved .
her least favorite animals were snakes .
she likes lemons , grapefruit , and limes.
she dislikes limes , mangoes , and strawberries.
california is never busy during november , and it is usually chilly in fall .
she saw a rusty yellow automobile .
paris is rainy during fall , and it is snowy in autumn .
california is sometimes cold during autumn , and it is usually beautiful in winter .
france is sometimes snowy during march , and it is sometimes dry in january .
the united states is sometimes freezing during may , but it is never chilly in december .
she is going to india next september .
she likes lemons , peaches , and pears.
their favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but her favorite is the peach .
china is usually mild during winter , and it is usually beautiful in october .
they went to paris last july .
you like bananas , lemons , and limes .
china is chilly during february , but it is pleasant in march .
she dislikes apples , mangoes , and grapefruit .
new jersey is never wet during spring , and it is sometimes busy in summer .
she likes oranges , grapes , and lemons .
the pear is her least liked fruit , but the peach is his least liked .
california is usually relaxing during may , and it is sometimes snowy in july .
the apple is his least liked fruit , but the grape is my least liked .
france is never warm during june , and it is sometimes mild in august .
california is sometimes nice during spring , but it is chilly in february .
her most loved fruit is the mango , but our most loved is the strawberry .
the pear is my most loved fruit , but the mango is his most loved .
new jersey is sometimes snowy during november , and it is usually pleasant in march .
he dislikes the new blue truck .
india is sometimes cold during june , but it is sometimes busy in may .
he likes that new white truck .
he dislikes apples , mangoes , and peaches .
the grapefruit is his least liked fruit , but the pear is her least liked.
the united states is sometimes freezing during winter , but it is sometimes snowy in march .
the united states is never beautiful during autumn , and it is sometimes pleasant in summer .
he likes grapefruit , strawberries , and pears .
we like grapes , limes , and lemons .
france is never mild during january , but it is busy in spring .
the lemon is his least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is your least liked .
he likes apples , peaches , and pears .
the united states is sometimes wonderful during july , and it is usually nice in april .
china is never hot during winter , and it is never relaxing in january .
she plans to visit france in may .
she likes strawberries , limes , and bananas .
the grapefruit is our most loved fruit , but the apple is her most loved .
the united states is mild during october , but it is chilly in march .
france is never wet during fall , and it is usually freezing in march .
he wanted to go to india last june .
india is never wonderful during april , but it is never beautiful in fall .
the mango is my least favorite fruit , but the lemon is her least favorite .
the mango is their most loved fruit , but the grape is my most loved .
why didn't they go to the united states ?
she likes grapes , apples , and pears.
china is hot during may , and it is usually quiet in autumn .
grapes are our least favorite fruit.
she likes limes , peaches , and bananas .
the united states is sometimes wet during december , and it is usually pleasant in october .
he likes peaches , limes , and grapefruit .
the lime is your favorite fruit , but the lemon is their favorite .
india is never nice during may , and it is usually snowy in february .
france is never hot during may , and it is usually warm in fall .
india is usually warm during february , and it is sometimes dry in fall .
my most loved animals are dogs .
she dislikes bananas , grapefruit , and mangoes .
she likes limes , grapes , and pears .
new jersey is sometimes cold during december , and it is usually quiet in june .
she likes peaches , grapes , and strawberries .
paris is sometimes busy during january , and it is hot in fall .
they dislike strawberries , apples , and pears .
new jersey is cold during winter , but it is sometimes beautiful in summer .
france is usually relaxing during december , and it is sometimes warm in october .
india is cold during june , and it is usually warm in december .
we like grapes , pears , and grapefruit .
our least liked fruit is the mango , but my least liked is the lemon .
california is quiet during summer , and it is usually relaxing in july .
california is warm during december , and it is sometimes snowy in november .
they dislike bananas , limes , and pears .
her least favorite animal is the bear .
she dislikes mangoes , limes , and peaches.
new jersey is usually cold during february , and it is sometimes busy in may .
the united states is sometimes beautiful during may , but it is never wet in august .
the lime is her least liked fruit , but the grape is their least liked .
california is sometimes beautiful during autumn , and it is busy in january .
the pear is your favorite fruit , but the grape is our favorite .
he dislikes oranges and limes .
india is usually wet during december , but it is never nice in june .
new jersey is sometimes rainy during august , but it is sometimes beautiful in june .
he dislikes the new white car .
china is never beautiful during september , and it is usually snowy in november .
her least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but our least favorite is the pear .
france is relaxing during spring , and it is never wonderful in winter .
paris is usually dry during may , and it is sometimes chilly in december .
china is usually snowy during january , and it is quiet in fall .
paris is never dry during winter , and it is usually freezing in october .
paris is quiet during summer , and it is cold in spring .
new jersey is sometimes freezing during winter , but it is usually hot in autumn .
your least liked fruit is the grapefruit , but their least liked is the orange .
the mango is our most loved fruit , but the orange is her most loved .
france is hot during fall , but it is usually freezing in winter .
my most loved fruit is the lime , but his most loved is the pear .
new jersey is usually nice during march , but it is sometimes cold in summer .
paris is never nice during october , and it is usually pleasant in december .
we plan to visit the united states next january .
the lime is their least favorite fruit , but the grape is our least favorite.
india is usually beautiful during december , and it is usually rainy in march .
she dislikes grapes , limes , and apples .
the united states is never dry during october , but it is never rainy in september .
he saw the new black car .
california is never nice during february , and it is usually chilly in april .
she likes pears , lemons , and grapefruit .
we dislike bananas , grapes , and grapefruit .
the peach is her least liked fruit , but the mango is his least liked .
my most loved fruit is the lime , but their most loved is the grape .
paris is sometimes wet during september , but it is sometimes chilly in march .
china is usually dry during march , and it is usually relaxing in february .
india is never pleasant during autumn , and it is usually cold in february .
paris is chilly during december , but it is never dry in april .
you like lemons .
we like oranges , limes , and grapefruit .
she thinks it is difficult to translate between english and chinese .
france is sometimes dry during june , but it is usually warm in winter .
she likes oranges , pears , and grapes .
paris is pleasant during winter , and it is never warm in may .
he is going to the united states next february .
paris is busy during february , and it is usually nice in june .
we plan to visit california in fall .
france is quiet during july , but it is usually dry in january .
france is relaxing during january , and it is sometimes quiet in fall .
the pear is her least favorite fruit , but the lemon is his least favorite .
paris is wet during november , but it is never snowy in autumn .
paris is never hot during january , and it is sometimes mild in march .
france is quiet during autumn , and it is sometimes mild in july .
his least favorite fruit is the apple , but her least favorite is the pear .
her most loved fruit is the lemon , but his most loved is the orange .
california is sometimes relaxing during december , but it is usually beautiful in autumn .
france is usually freezing during summer , but it is rainy in november .
the united states is sometimes cold during october , and it is never chilly in spring .
france is wonderful during july , and it is sometimes chilly in august .
he likes the rusty red automobile .
paris is never wonderful during april , and it is usually nice in march .
the apple is his most loved fruit , but the banana is our most loved .
the united states is never warm during winter , but it is sometimes cold in february .
california is sometimes beautiful during may , but it is sometimes chilly in summer .
he dislikes limes , oranges , and bananas .
the grape is our favorite fruit , but the banana is their favorite .
the peach is our most loved fruit , but the strawberry is your most loved .
new jersey is mild during winter , and it is usually hot in may .
he disliked a shiny black truck .
new jersey is usually chilly during august , and it is usually rainy in september .
new jersey is busy during january , but it is pleasant in may .
why are they going to paris ?
paris is usually hot during march , and it is wonderful in may .
india is wet during fall , but it is sometimes freezing in summer .
the united states is usually quiet during march , and it is sometimes beautiful in summer .
new jersey is wonderful during november , but it is sometimes warm in fall .
new jersey is sometimes quiet during spring , but it is cold in autumn .
china is never nice during may , and it is hot in autumn .
france is usually rainy during november , but it is sometimes quiet in august .
china is sometimes wonderful during april , and it is sometimes chilly in summer .
my most loved fruit is the banana , but his most loved is the lemon .
the united states is never hot during august , and it is never quiet in february .
my least liked fruit is the orange , but his least liked is the grapefruit .
he was driving that big blue truck .
her most loved fruit is the grape , but their most loved is the lime.
she dislikes limes , bananas , and oranges.
india is mild during january , and it is usually cold in october .
mice are my most loved animals .
new jersey is sometimes dry during july , but it is sometimes quiet in june .
they like apples , strawberries , and grapefruit .
he likes bananas , grapes , and strawberries .
the apple is our least liked fruit , but the lime is his least liked .
france is usually chilly during november , but it is sometimes quiet in winter .
paris is never nice during october , but it is warm in june .
paris is never mild during august , but it is never freezing in june .
paris is sometimes cold during autumn , and it is never warm in fall .
her least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but our least favorite is the mango .
the united states is sometimes relaxing during august , but it is sometimes quiet in november .
china is usually wet during september , and it is never quiet in fall .
france is sometimes pleasant during june , but it is never beautiful in autumn .
the united states is nice during autumn , but it is cold in september .
her least favorite animal was that cat .
the lime is my favorite fruit , but the pear is our favorite .
the banana is your most loved fruit , but the pear is his most loved .
my least liked fruit is the peach , but her least liked is the apple .
the united states is never nice during february , and it is sometimes wonderful in winter .
you dislike grapes , mangoes , and bananas .
the peach is her least favorite fruit , but the pear is your least favorite .
we dislike peaches , mangoes , and apples .
new jersey is never pleasant during fall , but it is mild in winter .
india is relaxing during july , and it is busy in february .
france is sometimes snowy during september , but it is wet in summer .
she likes oranges and apples .
new jersey is sometimes snowy during june , but it is quiet in spring .
china is sometimes nice during june , and it is never wet in february .
paris is never pleasant during february , and it is sometimes dry in september .
india is beautiful during summer , and it is sometimes rainy in fall .
new jersey is snowy during may , but it is sometimes busy in january .
paris is usually nice during summer , and it is usually dry in january .
she liked that little blue car .
france is never wonderful during june , but it is mild in december .
new jersey is never snowy during june , and it is usually beautiful in july .
china is busy during march , and it is sometimes wonderful in september .
france is sometimes mild during june , but it is sometimes chilly in fall .
i dislike oranges , bananas , and limes .
she dislikes grapes and pears .
china is never mild during may , but it is warm in fall .
he dislikes oranges , pears , and grapefruit .
i plan to visit new jersey in october .
her favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but my favorite is the pear .
new jersey is wet during december , and it is never snowy in autumn .
she went to the united states last april .
france is usually wonderful during summer , and it is sometimes mild in autumn .
he dislikes oranges , grapes , and apples .
the grapefruit is our least liked fruit , but the lime is their least liked .
the united states is mild during spring , and it is never chilly in november .
he plans to visit paris next june .
china is never warm during september , and it is sometimes beautiful in may .
france is sometimes relaxing during spring , but it is sometimes freezing in may .
china is hot during may , but it is sometimes pleasant in march .
you like grapes , lemons , and strawberries .
the pear is our least favorite fruit , but the lime is his least favorite .
china is relaxing during fall , and it is sometimes hot in june .
i dislike pears , apples , and grapes .
france is sometimes dry during february , and it is never chilly in april .
he dislikes mangoes , limes , and oranges .
the united states is never snowy during spring , but it is usually wet in winter .
the lemon is their most loved fruit , but the grapefruit is her most loved .
california is sometimes dry during fall , but it is usually hot in june .
you dislike limes , grapefruit , and oranges.
new jersey is usually warm during june , but it is wet in august .
the lime is his least favorite fruit , but the lemon is your least favorite .
he likes pears , limes , and lemons .
you like limes , oranges , and grapes.
california is usually dry during september , but it is usually wet in february .
he likes mangoes , limes , and lemons .
her least liked fruit is the lime , but my least liked is the mango .
california is cold during spring , but it is usually hot in september .
he dislikes grapes , pears , and mangoes.
new jersey is wet during march , and it is hot in november .
the apple is their least favorite fruit , but the pear is our least favorite .
china is mild during may , and it is sometimes freezing in november .
the lemon is our least favorite fruit , but the apple is her least favorite .
france is usually freezing during february , and it is cold in march .
paris is pleasant during spring , and it is nice in march .
the lime is your least liked fruit .
his favorite fruit is the orange , but your favorite is the lemon .
france is sometimes cold during winter , and it is usually freezing in may .
new jersey is never busy during may , and it is sometimes snowy in autumn .
his least favorite animal was the rabbit .
france is never dry during april , but it is never snowy in october .
china is never dry during october , and it is sometimes pleasant in april .
the united states is usually freezing during spring , and it is never warm in may .
california is usually wet during august , and it is usually chilly in january .
the united states is never hot during december , but it is usually beautiful in november .
new jersey is usually beautiful during january , but it is cold in november .
my least liked fruit is the pear , but her least liked is the grapefruit .
new jersey is never quiet during august , but it is usually wonderful in october .
india is never mild during january , but it is usually chilly in november .
california is never wet during autumn , and it is rainy in summer .
the mango is my least liked fruit , but the banana is their least liked .
california is never wonderful during winter , but it is wet in february .
our least liked fruit is the strawberry , but my least liked is the orange.
paris is snowy during december , and it is rainy in november .
they plan to visit new jersey in june .
california is never nice during november , but it is usually cold in spring .
california is usually nice during october , and it is usually hot in december .
the united states is dry during spring , but it is usually rainy in may .
paris is never relaxing during autumn , and it is sometimes mild in january .
her least favorite animals are monkeys .
our favorite fruit is the lemon , but your favorite is the apple .
india is usually freezing during may , and it is never warm in january .
the grape is their least favorite fruit , but the banana is our least favorite .
california is beautiful during spring , and it is usually dry in january .
paris is sometimes snowy during august , but it is never freezing in july .
your favorite fruit is the pear , but her favorite is the apple .
china is pleasant during february , and it is never hot in august .
california is usually warm during september , and it is usually nice in december .
china is sometimes cold during may , but it is never quiet in october .
france is never cold during summer , but it is usually freezing in july .
the united states is usually wonderful during march , but it is never busy in spring .
she likes lemons , grapefruit , and pears.
paris is cold during september , and it is usually warm in november .
paris is sometimes relaxing during fall , but it is sometimes quiet in august .
the lemon is his favorite fruit , but the pear is their favorite .
india is sometimes hot during april , but it is sometimes pleasant in winter .
paris is usually freezing during july , but it is never nice in winter .
they dislike bananas , lemons , and grapefruit .
india is usually snowy during november , and it is never chilly in september .
new jersey is usually relaxing during june , and it is sometimes busy in march .
she likes lemons , limes , and strawberries.
his least favorite fruit is the peach , but my least favorite is the apple .
paris is pleasant during spring , and it is never rainy in summer .
india is usually beautiful during may , and it is usually hot in january .
china is sometimes hot during september , but it is sometimes mild in fall .
china is sometimes wet during february , but it is sometimes pleasant in fall .
india is sometimes mild during july , but it is never rainy in may .
he likes mangoes , oranges , and lemons .
the grape is their least favorite fruit , but the pear is my least favorite .
the united states is never warm during march , and it is beautiful in fall .
she disliked a new green automobile .
california is sometimes snowy during april , but it is mild in november .
the peach is our most loved fruit , but the grapefruit is their most loved .
china is quiet during november , and it is usually freezing in december .
china is cold during may , and it is never warm in march .
france is usually freezing during summer , but it is never beautiful in spring .
paris is usually dry during february , but it is never busy in november .
france is never relaxing during december , and it is busy in october .
china is cold during september , and it is mild in november .
new jersey is nice during winter , but it is never wet in summer .
the united states is dry during july , and it is usually wet in february .
where is china ?
she disliked that little green car .
she saw the old red automobile .
the united states is sometimes mild during november , but it is beautiful in february .
your most loved fruit is the lime , but our most loved is the apple .
the united states is wonderful during november , and it is usually freezing in summer .
india is sometimes hot during autumn , but it is freezing in fall .
her favorite fruit is the apple , but your favorite is the banana .
the united states is usually hot during fall , but it is never chilly in september .
france is chilly during november , and it is sometimes hot in fall .
france is usually relaxing during january , but it is sometimes quiet in june .
paris is sometimes snowy during may , and it is sometimes rainy in november .
india is never wet during april , and it is sometimes mild in fall .
it is fun to translate between english and spanish .
california is usually snowy during january , and it is pleasant in october .
china is sometimes freezing during winter , and it is never cold in spring .
he likes limes , grapes , and peaches .
his least liked fruit is the mango , but my least liked is the grapefruit .
our least liked fruit is the mango , but his least liked is the orange .
she likes limes , pears , and strawberries.
she dislikes bananas , limes , and apples .
the grapefruit is our least favorite fruit , but the pear is your least favorite .
india is sometimes chilly during spring , and it is usually quiet in january .
new jersey is sometimes mild during summer , and it is never wonderful in august .
california is usually cold during september , but it is usually wonderful in october .
he likes peaches , lemons , and pears .
the lemon is my favorite fruit , but the orange is our favorite .
her favorite fruit is the strawberry , but my favorite is the orange .
he is going to india next october .
the mango is her least favorite fruit , but the orange is their least favorite .
india is wet during fall , but it is never mild in march .
she likes limes , peaches , and pears .
she likes strawberries , grapefruit , and apples .
he dislikes lemons , apples , and strawberries.
california is hot during autumn , but it is never rainy in winter .
paris is sometimes freezing during december , but it is sometimes wonderful in september .
paris is hot during autumn , and it is sometimes quiet in april .
california is usually wet during fall , and it is sometimes relaxing in september .
the united states is never snowy during june , and it is wet in winter .
she dislikes bananas , apples , and pears .
her least liked fruit is the banana , but our least liked is the apple .
his favorite fruit is the lime , but your favorite is the apple .
the pear is her most loved fruit , but the orange is his most loved .
our least favorite fruit is the pear , but their least favorite is the apple .
we dislike strawberries , pears , and grapes .
their least liked fruit is the apple , but your least liked is the peach .
her favorite fruit is the mango , but their favorite is the banana .
california is usually hot during march , but it is sometimes freezing in august .
france is usually freezing during winter , but it is wet in may .
new jersey is never chilly during august , but it is sometimes quiet in september .
my least favorite animal was that snake .
california is wet during january , and it is usually nice in april .
you like grapes and strawberries .
your least favorite fruit is the banana , but his least favorite is the orange .
the united states is dry during fall , and it is never mild in january .
the monkey was your least favorite animal .
your favorite fruit is the apple , but our favorite is the pear .
they dislike grapefruit , bananas , and peaches .
the pear is their least liked fruit , but the mango is my least liked .
china is never quiet during november , and it is sometimes rainy in december .
she dislikes peaches , grapes , and pears .
paris is never wonderful during july , but it is usually mild in spring .
your favorite animal is the lion .
the grape is their favorite fruit , but the pear is his favorite .
his least favorite fruit is the lime , but my least favorite is the lemon .
the lime is our least liked fruit , but the strawberry is your least liked.
the lemon is his favorite fruit , but the peach is your favorite .
paris is never snowy during autumn , but it is sometimes nice in spring .
i like strawberries , bananas , and grapefruit .
paris is never chilly during autumn , but it is sometimes hot in november .
she likes pears , oranges , and lemons .
france is usually freezing during february , but it is usually wonderful in october .
china is usually dry during autumn , and it is usually warm in december .
my favorite animal was this dog .
the peach is our least liked fruit , but the banana is your least liked .
they like apples , limes , and bananas .
the strawberry is our least favorite fruit , but the mango is my least favorite.
paris is sometimes chilly during may , and it is wet in january .
the united states is never nice during winter , but it is never rainy in april .
she likes grapefruit , bananas , and lemons .
paris is usually pleasant during april , but it is wonderful in october .
new jersey is nice during winter , but it is freezing in september .
france is sometimes rainy during october , but it is usually nice in january .
my least liked fruit is the strawberry , but their least liked is the peach.
new jersey is sometimes mild during december , and it is wonderful in july .
china is sometimes snowy during autumn , but it is hot in november .
do you think translating between portuguese and french is fun ?
india is usually freezing during march , and it is sometimes snowy in december .
france is sometimes wet during fall , but it is usually quiet in spring .
the orange is their most loved fruit , but the peach is our most loved .
she likes lemons , peaches , and bananas.
our most loved fruit is the apple , but your most loved is the lemon .
china is usually nice during march , and it is wonderful in spring .
their most loved fruit is the lime , but your most loved is the peach.
she dislikes bananas and apples .
france is relaxing during winter , but it is sometimes beautiful in june .
india is usually snowy during march , and it is beautiful in summer .
california is chilly during august , and it is never snowy in spring .
the lemon is his least liked fruit , but the mango is our least liked .
his most loved fruit is the pear , but her most loved is the peach .
paris is never pleasant during spring , and it is never mild in may .
we like limes and peaches.
he likes limes , peaches , and grapes .
the grapefruit is your favorite fruit , but the peach is my favorite .
china is mild during december , but it is usually warm in fall .
the lemon is her most loved fruit , but the orange is your most loved .
india is sometimes quiet during november , and it is never rainy in march .
i dislike apples , bananas , and peaches .
mice are your most feared animals .
china is sometimes rainy during january , but it is sometimes dry in spring .
the apple is your least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is my least liked .
i dislike bananas , mangoes , and lemons .
the lime is our least liked fruit , but the peach is his least liked.
her least favorite fruit is the lemon , but their least favorite is the banana .
the united states is never cold during winter , but it is freezing in december .
his most loved fruit is the strawberry , but your most loved is the orange .
paris is never dry during january , but it is sometimes snowy in autumn .
they dislike lemons , grapefruit , and pears .
new jersey is sometimes beautiful during november , and it is usually cold in summer .
california is usually warm during spring , and it is pleasant in winter .
the mango is my favorite fruit , but the strawberry is your favorite .
the united states is usually freezing during november , but it is sometimes warm in spring .
he dislikes strawberries , oranges , and lemons .
the united states is never busy during august , but it is wet in september .
her least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but your least favorite is the grapefruit .
paris is never beautiful during summer , and it is never nice in may .
the grape is her favorite fruit , but the banana is our favorite.
paris is sometimes hot during august , but it is usually freezing in june .
he saw the rusty red automobile .
paris is sometimes cold during november , but it is sometimes pleasant in spring .
the lime is their most loved fruit , but the apple is your most loved.
new jersey is usually nice during april , and it is usually freezing in fall .
the united states is never mild during december , but it is rainy in march .
the united states is sometimes nice during march , and it is never busy in january .
france is usually freezing during november , and it is quiet in may .
india is relaxing during may , but it is wonderful in february .
france is usually wet during october , but it is never busy in spring .
paris is freezing during july , and it is sometimes pleasant in summer .
the lemon is your least liked fruit , but the apple is his least liked .
she dislikes oranges , bananas , and lemons .
she dislikes pears , mangoes , and lemons .
the united states is sometimes wet during spring , and it is usually chilly in november .
he wants to go to france next january .
the grape is his least liked fruit , but the pear is your least liked.
china is sometimes freezing during winter , and it is sometimes busy in autumn .
the mango is their most loved fruit , but the apple is your most loved .
this bear was your favorite animal .
india is sometimes pleasant during august , but it is usually warm in spring .
india is sometimes quiet during april , but it is usually nice in winter .
her least favorite fruit is the lime , but his least favorite is the banana .
the strawberry is your least liked fruit , but the mango is their least liked.
why did they go to china ?
the grapefruit is our least liked fruit , but the banana is their least liked .
china is usually beautiful during autumn , and it is sometimes wonderful in august .
china is sometimes cold during july , but it is wonderful in summer .
our most loved fruit is the banana , but their most loved is the grapefruit .
france is quiet during september , but it is never wet in may .
the pear is our least favorite fruit , but the mango is your least favorite .
we dislike oranges , lemons , and peaches .
new jersey is hot during winter , but it is usually quiet in june .
my favorite fruit is the grape , but their favorite is the apple.
his least favorite animal was this snake .
france is usually wet during summer , but it is sometimes chilly in autumn .
china is never beautiful during december , but it is quiet in autumn .
the mango is my most loved fruit , but the apple is their most loved .
we like oranges , grapes , and lemons .
the pear is your most loved fruit , but the strawberry is my most loved .
she is going to china next february .
new jersey is sometimes wonderful during july , and it is sometimes dry in fall .
the banana is my least favorite fruit , but the strawberry is your least favorite .
the united states is never freezing during march , but it is usually beautiful in spring .
california is usually freezing during june , but it is usually hot in august .
china is sometimes pleasant during spring , but it is usually warm in september .
paris is sometimes hot during october , and it is usually warm in winter .
california is quiet during august , and it is freezing in november .
his least favorite fruit is the lemon , but our least favorite is the grape .
your least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but their least favorite is the banana.
her least favorite fruit is the peach , but your least favorite is the pear .
india is never warm during september , and it is sometimes cold in may .
the apple is our least liked fruit , but the pear is my least liked .
he plans to visit california in july .
california is sometimes wet during december , but it is pleasant in july .
paris is never warm during may , but it is busy in winter .
china is hot during spring , and it is sometimes mild in august .
they like apples , strawberries , and pears .
new jersey is never rainy during july , but it is never quiet in october .
china is usually beautiful during august , and it is warm in fall .
china is wet during october , and it is wonderful in april .
paris is never nice during march , but it is usually relaxing in august .
the grape is your favorite fruit , but the mango is our favorite .
new jersey is never dry during march , and it is nice in february .
new jersey is never chilly during may , and it is never quiet in october .
he likes bananas , strawberries , and lemons .
the pear is your least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is our least liked .
new jersey is never rainy during september , and it is never wet in may .
china is nice during autumn , and it is sometimes chilly in september .
france is usually snowy during summer , but it is never dry in july .
she saw that big black car .
the united states is chilly during february , but it is usually warm in august .
he dislikes pears , oranges , and peaches .
china is sometimes wonderful during november , and it is relaxing in april .
california is cold during fall , but it is sometimes snowy in spring .
the united states is sometimes chilly during spring , but it is sometimes rainy in summer .
china is never nice during autumn , and it is sometimes relaxing in january .
their favorite fruit is the strawberry , but your favorite is the banana.
france is usually rainy during autumn , but it is snowy in october .
he dislikes peaches , grapes , and strawberries .
my favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but their favorite is the grape .
my most loved fruit is the orange , but his most loved is the grapefruit .
paris is never relaxing during december , but it is usually mild in summer .
china is never relaxing during august , and it is never nice in summer .
the united states is never freezing during june , but it is never nice in february .
i dislike lemons , peaches , and mangoes .
india is usually wonderful during december , and it is snowy in winter .
this rabbit was my most feared animal .
she dislikes oranges , peaches , and strawberries .
the pear is my favorite fruit , but the lemon is your favorite .
china is usually pleasant during fall , but it is usually cold in december .
the united states is sometimes dry during spring , and it is warm in autumn .
france is sometimes beautiful during march , and it is snowy in october .
california is sometimes nice during winter , but it is usually hot in june .
he dislikes limes , pears , and grapes .
he dislikes mangoes , limes , and pears .
paris is snowy during march , and it is usually beautiful in august .
he disliked a old yellow truck .
your least favorite fruit is the peach , but their least favorite is the lime .
he drives the big white automobile .
their least liked fruit is the lemon , but your least liked is the orange .
my least favorite fruit is the peach , but their least favorite is the mango .
they like lemons , limes , and apples .
the apple is her least liked fruit , but the banana is their least liked .
paris is cold during february , and it is sometimes wet in winter .
paris is freezing during january , and it is never nice in fall .
india is usually warm during may , but it is usually nice in september .
the pear is your least favorite fruit , but the orange is his least favorite .
the united states is sometimes relaxing during july , but it is never wonderful in april .
the united states is sometimes mild during march , but it is sometimes wonderful in december .
she dislikes bananas , pears , and grapes .
he likes lemons and bananas.
he likes strawberries , peaches , and mangoes .
new jersey is never pleasant during december , but it is busy in june .
california is relaxing during winter , but it is chilly in june .
this horse is his most feared animal .
she likes oranges , limes , and lemons .
india is sometimes wonderful during winter , and it is never mild in july .
paris is usually quiet during winter , but it is usually hot in october .
the apple is her most loved fruit , but the banana is my most loved .
new jersey is usually warm during spring , and it is usually dry in march .
california is sometimes chilly during autumn , but it is hot in november .
china is sometimes chilly during july , but it is never wet in december .
paris is snowy during october , and it is relaxing in november .
california is sometimes dry during april , but it is sometimes cold in january .
china is usually snowy during spring , but it is sometimes nice in january .
china is usually freezing during march , and it is usually wonderful in february .
she dislikes mangoes , limes , and lemons.
she dislikes pears , apples , and grapefruit .
new jersey is sometimes dry during march , but it is chilly in april .
france is usually beautiful during january , but it is sometimes wonderful in march .
france is wonderful during december , and it is sometimes wet in november .
she might go to california  .
france is sometimes relaxing during october , but it is busy in winter .
he dislikes grapes , peaches , and pears.
the orange is your least liked fruit , but the pear is our least liked .
she dislikes apples , grapes , and pears .
california is cold during august , but it is snowy in february .
their most loved fruit is the orange , but our most loved is the apple .
california is usually wet during august , but it is usually cold in april .
we like oranges , lemons , and mangoes .
china is wonderful during october , but it is usually hot in autumn .
the united states is pleasant during december , and it is sometimes mild in august .
their most loved fruit is the pear , but my most loved is the lime .
they dislike limes , grapefruit , and peaches.
he liked that rusty white automobile .
new jersey is sometimes snowy during march , but it is busy in may .
the united states is never nice during summer , but it is never dry in november .
the lemon is her favorite fruit , but the strawberry is our favorite .
the pear is your most loved fruit , but the mango is their most loved .
he dislikes oranges and lemons .
the united states is busy during august , and it is rainy in march .
his favorite fruit is the mango , but our favorite is the grapefruit .
he dislikes apples , strawberries , and pears .
the grape is their most loved fruit , but the pear is his most loved .
france is sometimes hot during october , but it is sometimes quiet in november .
this snake is your favorite animal .
he is driving a rusty green automobile .
the united states is busy during november , and it is wonderful in february .
they like peaches , strawberries , and oranges .
they like limes , mangoes , and oranges.
the mango is their least favorite fruit , but the apple is our least favorite .
you dislike apples , oranges , and grapefruit .
india is dry during june , but it is beautiful in april .
the lemon is your most loved fruit , but the lime is our most loved .
china is sometimes dry during march , but it is usually wonderful in spring .
california is beautiful during may , and it is never chilly in june .
he dislikes peaches , apples , and mangoes .
california is sometimes chilly during spring , and it is usually dry in january .
our least liked fruit is the lemon , but his least liked is the lime .
i plan to visit new jersey next march .
her least liked fruit is the strawberry , but my least liked is the lemon .
she likes lemons , grapes , and bananas.
when is he going to the football field ?
i like grapefruit , grapes , and lemons .
france is never relaxing during march , but it is beautiful in november .
the united states is relaxing during march , and it is sometimes busy in september .
my favorite animal is that monkey .
he thinks it is difficult to translate between english and chinese .
we dislike peaches , oranges , and grapefruit .
i like peaches , strawberries , and pears .
new jersey is sometimes cold during autumn , but it is quiet in september .
the united states is usually hot during spring , but it is sometimes nice in fall .
the peach is your favorite fruit , but the strawberry is my favorite .
we like pears , mangoes , and grapefruit .
his most loved animal is this horse .
paris is usually dry during summer , but it is sometimes snowy in winter .
india is never cold during february , but it is quiet in january .
china is never dry during november , but it is never cold in october .
california is usually wet during january , and it is busy in august .
the peach is your favorite fruit , but the banana is our favorite .
paris is never nice during november , and it is freezing in summer .
new jersey is usually wet during july , and it is mild in autumn .
china is never busy during december , and it is usually warm in april .
france is never warm during autumn , but it is sometimes busy in october .
when did she go to the school ?
california is freezing during fall , but it is sometimes mild in july .
the united states is quiet during fall , but it is usually busy in november .
china is sometimes freezing during march , and it is usually warm in may .
the united states is chilly during march , but it is never busy in november .
he dislikes limes , grapefruit , and pears .
the united states is usually quiet during may , but it is sometimes warm in march .
our least liked fruit is the peach , but my least liked is the strawberry .
china is usually warm during june , and it is chilly in april .
india is usually relaxing during april , but it is sometimes busy in summer .
the banana is my favorite fruit , but the lime is her favorite .
the united states is sometimes relaxing during may , but it is dry in summer .
paris is sometimes relaxing during june , but it is sometimes wet in march .
their least liked fruit is the grape , but my least liked is the lemon .
china is never warm during may , but it is never wonderful in fall .
china is usually beautiful during november , and it is quiet in winter .
her least favorite animals were mice .
our favorite fruit is the mango , but their favorite is the pear .
they plan to visit china next december .
california is never wonderful during may , and it is never snowy in october .
new jersey is usually freezing during fall , but it is usually cold in october .
the strawberry is her most loved fruit , but the mango is your most loved .
i plan to visit france next november .
paris is nice during october , and it is never wonderful in february .
the banana is his favorite fruit , but the mango is my favorite .
france is hot during spring , and it is never relaxing in may .
they like limes , oranges , and bananas.
india is sometimes nice during spring , and it is usually busy in autumn .
my favorite fruit is the pear , but her favorite is the banana .
china is chilly during may , but it is sometimes dry in september .
our least favorite fruit is the lime , but their least favorite is the banana.
new jersey is never rainy during fall , and it is sometimes wet in june .
they dislike lemons , strawberries , and limes .
she likes peaches , apples , and lemons .
california is never chilly during september , and it is never dry in march .
the united states is never relaxing during april , but it is never nice in january .
he dislikes oranges , lemons , and peaches .
she dislikes strawberries , pears , and bananas .
china is warm during february , and it is never wonderful in spring .
paris is wet during june , but it is hot in september .
she dislikes the new white truck .
we like apples and bananas .
their least favorite fruit is the banana , but his least favorite is the lime .
paris is usually relaxing during february , and it is never busy in january .
india is never dry during november , but it is usually cold in january .
he dislikes the rusty black truck .
would they like to go the united states ?
the orange is my least favorite fruit , but the peach is our least favorite .
paris is busy during january , and it is never beautiful in may .
china is pleasant during september , and it is sometimes dry in february .
india is sometimes freezing during may , and it is never dry in autumn .
china is usually wet during winter , and it is never dry in fall .
she likes bananas , grapes , and peaches .
her least liked fruit is the lemon , but my least liked is the grapefruit .
he liked that old green automobile .
the grape is my most loved fruit , but the strawberry is our most loved.
california is never cold during december , but it is usually rainy in autumn .
france is sometimes relaxing during february , and it is sometimes nice in august .
we dislike grapefruit , pears , and peaches .
india is freezing during december , and it is sometimes pleasant in february .
she is driving a new white automobile .
you dislike bananas , apples , and lemons .
she dislikes pears , grapefruit , and mangoes .
his least liked fruit is the peach , but my least liked is the strawberry .
paris is never mild during january , and it is sometimes chilly in autumn .
india is usually snowy during spring , but it is sometimes dry in fall .
you dislike grapes , pears , and oranges .
new jersey is usually cold during winter , but it is usually relaxing in july .
i like limes , apples , and grapefruit.
she dislikes bananas , grapes , and oranges .
paris is wonderful during summer , and it is never dry in november .
the united states is usually snowy during march , and it is usually beautiful in january .
paris is sometimes cold during september , but it is sometimes wonderful in january .
paris is usually hot during january , but it is sometimes rainy in september .
india is sometimes wonderful during june , but it is never nice in december .
france is usually cold during january , and it is quiet in march .
india is never relaxing during september , but it is never mild in april .
she thinks translating between french and portuguese is easy .
california is mild during autumn , and it is sometimes relaxing in june .
the lemon is his most loved fruit , but the mango is their most loved .
your least favorite animal was this dog .
he thinks translating between french and portuguese is difficult .
china is sometimes snowy during december , but it is nice in spring .
new jersey is usually wet during spring , but it is usually freezing in april .
china is sometimes wonderful during fall , and it is warm in december .
france is usually chilly during january , and it is sometimes pleasant in february .
his least favorite fruit is the lime , but our least favorite is the grape .
new jersey is cold during summer , and it is never chilly in april .
paris is usually mild during july , and it is sometimes beautiful in winter .
my favorite fruit is the mango , but your favorite is the grape .
india is pleasant during november , but it is never warm in may .
she dislikes pears and grapefruit .
the orange is their most loved fruit , but the banana is my most loved .
my least liked fruit is the orange , but his least liked is the pear .
her least liked fruit is the peach , but their least liked is the lime .
the banana is your favorite fruit , but the grape is their favorite .
india is never freezing during fall , and it is sometimes rainy in july .
new jersey is quiet during may , but it is hot in summer .
she dislikes mangoes , peaches , and pears.
china is nice during spring , and it is usually chilly in august .
his favorite fruit is the grape , but their favorite is the banana.
california is usually beautiful during february , and it is never snowy in august .
new jersey is never freezing during winter , but it is usually wonderful in february .
you like pears , mangoes , and apples .
your favorite fruit is the lime , but our favorite is the peach .
new jersey is usually beautiful during january , but it is sometimes nice in november .
his least favorite fruit is the apple , but her least favorite is the grape .
he likes limes , mangoes , and grapes .
india is usually busy during march , but it is freezing in september .
he likes peaches , lemons , and grapefruit .
the lemon is our least liked fruit , but the peach is my least liked .
she likes oranges and pears .
the lemon is my most loved fruit , but the orange is her most loved .
china is sometimes chilly during august , and it is mild in winter .
china is usually hot during march , and it is sometimes freezing in spring .
my favorite fruit is the lime , but your favorite is the strawberry .
he liked the new yellow car .
the peach is our most loved fruit , but the grapefruit is my most loved .
france is nice during may , but it is never busy in fall .
he dislikes strawberries , apples , and oranges .
the united states is never hot during november , and it is chilly in winter .
the peach is your least liked fruit , but the mango is her least liked .
the banana is our least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is your least liked .
new jersey is sometimes pleasant during july , and it is usually quiet in spring .
she dislikes peaches , mangoes , and apples .
new jersey is sometimes mild during may , but it is usually hot in july .
she saw that little green truck .
paris is dry during february , but it is hot in october .
new jersey is sometimes busy during january , and it is never warm in july .
their least liked fruit is the banana , but our least liked is the grape .
their favorite fruit is the orange , but our favorite is the grapefruit .
paris is sometimes relaxing during february , but it is sometimes pleasant in april .
china is wonderful during april , but it is usually nice in october .
china is usually nice during spring , but it is usually dry in march .
his favorite fruit is the lemon , but their favorite is the mango .
france is sometimes chilly during fall , but it is busy in autumn .
new jersey is mild during july , but it is beautiful in june .
her favorite fruit is the orange , but my favorite is the lemon .
he likes grapes , peaches , and pears.
he likes limes , grapefruit , and strawberries .
the lemon is my least favorite fruit , but the strawberry is our least favorite .
new jersey is never wet during summer , and it is usually nice in april .
her least liked fruit is the orange , but their least liked is the apple .
i dislike apples , strawberries , and peaches .
france is cold during april , but it is usually rainy in summer .
paris is never hot during fall , and it is never cold in february .
the lime is your favorite fruit , but the pear is his favorite .
she dislikes that old yellow car .
france is never chilly during june , but it is never dry in october .
india is usually wet during february , and it is usually cold in september .
they like grapes , oranges , and peaches .
the united states is freezing during september , and it is sometimes busy in may .
he drives that rusty black automobile .
she likes apples , grapes , and oranges .
china is freezing during october , but it is never mild in autumn .
india is sometimes freezing during november , and it is sometimes busy in july .
his least favorite fruit is the banana , but our least favorite is the peach .
the united states is never chilly during february , and it is sometimes rainy in spring .
france is sometimes chilly during winter , but it is sometimes quiet in february .
paris is never dry during january , but it is sometimes warm in december .
new jersey is sometimes wet during june , and it is sometimes beautiful in december .
the united states is never pleasant during winter , but it is never snowy in january .
she likes apples , lemons , and grapefruit .
paris is snowy during august , and it is sometimes chilly in summer .
they like strawberries , apples , and pears .
india is wet during december , and it is warm in spring .
india is usually wonderful during june , but it is usually cold in summer .
the pear is her favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is their favorite .
he was driving a old blue automobile .
the orange is our least favorite fruit , but the banana is their least favorite .
paris is usually warm during august , and it is usually wonderful in march .
india is never relaxing during january , but it is sometimes rainy in december .
paris is sometimes relaxing during january , and it is sometimes mild in may .
my favorite fruit is the lemon , but your favorite is the grapefruit .
the united states is never snowy during spring , but it is usually warm in march .
new jersey is usually busy during august , and it is never relaxing in spring .
he likes apples , strawberries , and peaches .
the united states is never mild during june , and it is sometimes busy in july .
the apple is their least favorite fruit , but the pear is his least favorite .
california is usually freezing during february , but it is usually quiet in summer .
the lemon is her least liked fruit , but the grape is my least liked .
new jersey is pleasant during april , and it is hot in winter .
he might go to california next december .
he might go to china next november .
new jersey is sometimes busy during fall , and it is sometimes hot in december .
their favorite fruit is the lemon , but our favorite is the grape .
the united states is never chilly during august , but it is cold in winter .
india is never pleasant during august , but it is usually cold in november .
the mango is our most loved fruit , but the grape is his most loved .
new jersey is wonderful during spring , and it is freezing in april .
new jersey is never warm during may , but it is usually chilly in july .
california is busy during summer , but it is never quiet in autumn .
the united states is usually cold during autumn , but it is never snowy in august .
the orange is their most loved fruit , but the apple is our most loved .
california is dry during summer , and it is sometimes beautiful in september .
he is driving a old blue truck .
new jersey is usually quiet during october , and it is sometimes beautiful in june .
the peach is their most loved fruit , but the pear is his most loved .
paris is never wonderful during december , but it is never quiet in january .
the united states is sometimes dry during winter , and it is never warm in august .
india is sometimes wonderful during september , and it is warm in march .
the pear is her least liked fruit , but the apple is their least liked .
she likes limes , mangoes , and apples .
new jersey is never busy during autumn , and it is sometimes rainy in september .
new jersey is sometimes chilly during autumn , but it is never quiet in june .
china is usually dry during july , but it is usually beautiful in february .
india is snowy during january , and it is warm in october .
new jersey is never mild during april , but it is usually rainy in june .
she likes the little green automobile .
you like grapefruit , peaches , and mangoes .
my most loved fruit is the lemon , but their most loved is the strawberry .
our least liked fruit is the pear , but your least liked is the lemon .
france is sometimes relaxing during june , but it is beautiful in august .
her most loved fruit is the peach , but my most loved is the grape .
california is usually chilly during june , but it is dry in january .
she likes oranges , pears , and apples .
she wanted to go to france last november .
california is usually snowy during august , but it is usually freezing in december .
paris is usually mild during january , but it is sometimes warm in june .
california is sometimes wet during fall , but it is never chilly in october .
france is sometimes chilly during june , but it is never snowy in spring .
she dislikes apples , bananas , and grapefruit .
new jersey is busy during april , but it is never rainy in august .
new jersey is nice during april , but it is sometimes snowy in autumn .
she likes grapefruit , pears , and mangoes .
i dislike pears , lemons , and bananas .
california is mild during november , but it is sometimes freezing in may .
the banana is our favorite fruit , but the pear is their favorite .
your favorite fruit is the lemon , but her favorite is the strawberry .
china is usually quiet during february , and it is warm in april .
the united states is rainy during may , but it is hot in march .
paris is beautiful during november , and it is usually quiet in december .
they are going to the united states next february .
india is snowy during summer , but it is never rainy in august .
california is usually rainy during january , and it is wet in december .
my least favorite fruit is the pear , but her least favorite is the lime .
she is going to new jersey next july .
he likes grapefruit , pears , and grapes .
the grape is our least favorite fruit , but the mango is his least favorite .
california is sometimes cold during may , but it is usually wonderful in july .
new jersey is quiet during august , but it is usually freezing in winter .
china is sometimes quiet during august , and it is never rainy in july .
the united states is usually dry during autumn , and it is freezing in june .
france is usually rainy during august , but it is quiet in winter .
paris is never rainy during spring , and it is usually wet in june .
the dog was her most feared animal .
he likes the rusty black truck .
the united states is usually cold during august , but it is snowy in november .
they went to new jersey last july .
new jersey is usually cold during july , but it is nice in february .
india is sometimes warm during august , and it is sometimes wet in december .
france is cold during september , but it is never chilly in summer .
horses were her most feared animals .
india is sometimes cold during december , but it is never dry in march .
she dislikes the rusty yellow car .
we dislike mangoes and lemons.
the united states is never cold during may , but it is usually mild in autumn .
paris is sometimes pleasant during december , but it is never mild in april .
my favorite fruit is the lemon , but his favorite is the peach .
france is mild during spring , and it is never nice in november .
the mango is his favorite fruit , but the banana is our favorite .
new jersey is freezing during june , but it is wet in january .
her favorite fruit is the banana , but their favorite is the strawberry .
india is sometimes mild during september , but it is never rainy in winter .
the united states is cold during september , and it is never relaxing in spring .
their least liked fruit is the lime , but my least liked is the orange.
the grapefruit is their favorite fruit , but the mango is your favorite .
france is never hot during fall , but it is dry in october .
she thinks it is fun to translate between english and french .
paris is never snowy during november , and it is usually hot in june .
the united states is snowy during spring , but it is usually busy in march .
paris is usually snowy during winter , and it is quiet in may .
paris is sometimes wet during june , but it is sometimes nice in april .
the peach is her favorite fruit , but the orange is our favorite .
your favorite animal is that bear .
our least liked fruit is the mango , but her least liked is the lemon .
new jersey is sometimes chilly during july , and it is sometimes hot in june .
her least liked fruit is the mango , but my least liked is the lemon .
india is usually chilly during autumn , but it is mild in october .
the united states is usually chilly during spring , but it is usually warm in april .
your favorite fruit is the pear , but our favorite is the mango .
new jersey is usually busy during autumn , and it is sometimes rainy in may .
france is sometimes nice during winter , and it is wonderful in autumn .
new jersey is never rainy during winter , and it is mild in november .
china is never mild during june , and it is sometimes beautiful in march .
our least favorite fruit is the lemon , but your least favorite is the pear .
i like limes and oranges.
he likes grapes , bananas , and mangoes.
the lime is their least favorite fruit , but the apple is our least favorite.
she likes limes , bananas , and grapes .
she liked a big black truck .
paris is sometimes nice during june , and it is cold in january .
the lime is their least liked fruit , but the orange is your least liked.
china is never wet during september , but it is mild in january .
new jersey is usually beautiful during june , but it is usually freezing in october .
the orange is our favorite fruit , but the banana is her favorite .
france is never beautiful during winter .
india is sometimes busy during summer , and it is never rainy in january .
she dislikes pears , apples , and bananas .
california is sometimes beautiful during april , and it is usually dry in february .
new jersey is never busy during autumn , but it is nice in may .
new jersey is usually quiet during july , but it is never relaxing in may .
he likes the shiny white automobile .
paris is freezing during august , but it is sometimes quiet in september .
he likes limes and lemons .
your most loved fruit is the grape , but her most loved is the strawberry .
paris is never beautiful during october , but it is never mild in november .
california is snowy during june , but it is hot in summer .
india is pleasant during april , but it is cold in october .
the united states is never relaxing during january , but it is usually wet in autumn .
china is never warm during summer , and it is sometimes pleasant in march .
california is warm during march , but it is quiet in september .
new jersey is freezing during september , but it is sometimes beautiful in summer .
the united states is usually chilly during autumn , but it is sometimes dry in november .
the united states is usually freezing during september , and it is never chilly in june .
the united states is sometimes snowy during april , but it is sometimes warm in december .
china is never beautiful during summer , but it is sometimes chilly in april .
paris is wonderful during autumn , and it is usually beautiful in spring .
california is beautiful during february , but it is wonderful in october .
france is sometimes chilly during march , but it is sometimes wonderful in september .
france is sometimes relaxing during february , but it is usually mild in spring .
paris is nice during september , and it is sometimes wonderful in july .
china is never nice during november , but it is sometimes quiet in april .
france is usually snowy during december , and it is usually pleasant in october .
she likes grapes , pears , and limes.
new jersey is sometimes rainy during april , and it is quiet in july .
france is never relaxing during spring , and it is sometimes pleasant in fall .
my least favorite fruit is the pear , but her least favorite is the apple .
new jersey is dry during july , and it is usually chilly in february .
india is beautiful during december , but it is chilly in fall .
he likes apples and bananas .
paris is never freezing during august , and it is never wonderful in september .
china is sometimes quiet during fall , but it is never chilly in spring .
india is sometimes freezing during summer , and it is usually cold in august .
we dislike mangoes , pears , and grapefruit.
my least favorite fruit is the lime , but her least favorite is the mango .
new jersey is usually mild during july , but it is never beautiful in june .
new jersey is usually freezing during october , and it is usually dry in september .
he dislikes lemons , mangoes , and bananas.
new jersey is sometimes busy during may , and it is never wet in june .
the united states is never relaxing during november , and it is sometimes wonderful in winter .
new jersey is chilly during spring , and it is sometimes hot in december .
their favorite fruit is the peach , but his favorite is the apple .
they like pears , strawberries , and peaches .
your least favorite fruit is the lemon , but their least favorite is the peach .
china is mild during january , but it is never cold in may .
new jersey is never dry during april , and it is sometimes freezing in september .
india is never freezing during november , but it is never busy in summer .
france is sometimes mild during june , and it is sometimes wet in autumn .
they dislike strawberries , peaches , and grapefruit .
her least liked fruit is the strawberry , but your least liked is the lemon .
france is never busy during june , and it is beautiful in fall .
california is sometimes cold during december , and it is usually wonderful in november .
new jersey is beautiful during august , and it is sometimes snowy in june .
the united states is never chilly during november , and it is wet in winter .
india is usually rainy during june , but it is beautiful in september .
california is never busy during september , but it is sometimes hot in march .
the united states is never quiet during july , and it is sometimes busy in november .
our most loved fruit is the grape , but her most loved is the lemon .
she likes mangoes , grapefruit , and lemons .
california is pleasant during january , and it is freezing in february .
cats are her most feared animals .
france is sometimes wonderful during fall , and it is never warm in september .
california is never nice during november , but it is usually snowy in january .
she dislikes pears , bananas , and lemons .
the peach is your least liked fruit , but the lime is our least liked .
china is quiet during winter , but it is warm in february .
california is sometimes cold during autumn , but it is never wet in march .
new jersey is sometimes snowy during december , and it is never nice in summer .
she dislikes grapes , bananas , and apples .
the orange is our most loved fruit , but the peach is your most loved .
india is usually quiet during autumn , but it is nice in winter .
china is sometimes snowy during winter , but it is busy in fall .
paris is usually chilly during june , and it is sometimes dry in september .
the united states is never quiet during august , but it is never freezing in march .
the apple is her favorite fruit , but the orange is my favorite .
china is never hot during may , but it is sometimes busy in january .
when is he going to the grocery store ?
new jersey is hot during winter , but it is busy in november .
china is usually pleasant during november , but it is sometimes quiet in spring .
her most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but his most loved is the apple .
china is mild during fall , and it is never warm in august .
their least favorite fruit is the apple , but his least favorite is the strawberry .
his most loved fruit is the apple , but her most loved is the banana .
he liked that new black automobile .
our least favorite fruit is the apple , but my least favorite is the grape .
the lemon is your most loved fruit , but the peach is their most loved .
india is sometimes wet during may , and it is sometimes busy in april .
he dislikes oranges , lemons , and strawberries .
india is dry during october , and it is usually wonderful in autumn .
they wanted to go to new jersey last july .
the united states is never freezing during april , but it is nice in september .
paris is never warm during february , but it is usually rainy in october .
the united states is sometimes snowy during december , but it is quiet in september .
her most feared animals were snakes .
i like oranges , lemons , and grapes .
new jersey is never nice during july , but it is usually chilly in june .
france is usually beautiful during march , and it is pleasant in november .
china is wonderful during fall , but it is never rainy in april .
china is sometimes nice during march , but it is never cold in spring .
paris is never warm during summer , and it is sometimes chilly in february .
california is usually wonderful during march , but it is never warm in autumn .
new jersey is usually mild during march , and it is sometimes cold in fall .
this cat was my most feared animal .
china is never beautiful during march , but it is relaxing in may .
he dislikes grapes , bananas , and mangoes.
their least favorite fruit is the orange , but her least favorite is the apple .
you dislike limes , mangoes , and lemons.
the united states is usually nice during june , but it is never cold in july .
india is sometimes quiet during december , but it is never cold in september .
france is never quiet during october , but it is usually snowy in may .
the united states is relaxing during april , but it is usually wonderful in august .
she was driving that big yellow truck .
california is usually mild during july , and it is usually hot in november .
my least liked fruit is the grapefruit , but our least liked is the banana .
they like pears , grapefruit , and oranges .
the strawberry is my favorite fruit , but the banana is his favorite .
the united states is usually warm during winter , but it is usually pleasant in august .
new jersey is never hot during march , and it is never wonderful in fall .
paris is usually chilly during october , and it is usually wet in winter .
new jersey is sometimes snowy during january , and it is never quiet in august .
her least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but his least favorite is the apple .
the lime is her favorite fruit , but the strawberry is his favorite .
he likes strawberries , oranges , and apples .
the strawberry is your least favorite fruit , but the mango is their least favorite.
she likes oranges , lemons , and bananas .
she saw that big white truck .
he dislikes pears , grapes , and mangoes .
china is sometimes cold during spring , and it is sometimes nice in july .
my most loved fruit is the lime , but their most loved is the grapefruit .
new jersey is never snowy during winter , but it is sometimes wet in august .
she likes pears , limes , and lemons .
paris is usually snowy during summer , and it is usually pleasant in september .
china is relaxing during fall , but it is sometimes dry in february .
he might go to new jersey next spring .
he dislikes bananas , strawberries , and lemons .
your least liked fruit is the pear , but their least liked is the peach .
india is never wet during may , but it is never warm in july .
france is usually pleasant during january , and it is never rainy in autumn .
their least favorite fruit is the mango , but your least favorite is the pear .
the united states is wet during july , and it is usually dry in june .
new jersey is sometimes wonderful during autumn , but it is rainy in march .
she is driving a old white automobile .
your most loved fruit is the apple , but his most loved is the mango .
the united states is usually chilly during autumn , but it is usually freezing in july .
she likes limes , oranges , and bananas .
california is sometimes relaxing during october , but it is mild in november .
his least liked fruit is the grape , but their least liked is the strawberry.
i like mangoes , limes , and bananas.
the pear is her most loved fruit , but the grape is their most loved .
the grape is your least liked fruit , but the pear is his least liked .
india is dry during june , and it is sometimes quiet in autumn .
he dislikes oranges , strawberries , and peaches .
india is relaxing during winter , and it is usually pleasant in september .
paris is never mild during fall , but it is cold in february .
california is wet during november , and it is never pleasant in october .
new jersey is mild during august , and it is never freezing in winter .
the united states is wet during november , and it is sometimes nice in june .
we like pears , strawberries , and lemons .
the strawberry is her most loved fruit , but the pear is his most loved .
i like pears and strawberries .
she liked that big red automobile .
she dislikes grapefruit , peaches , and lemons .
he is going to paris next summer .
china is hot during september , but it is usually rainy in may .
california is never mild during april , but it is sometimes warm in june .
their most loved fruit is the mango , but his most loved is the lemon .
this elephant is her least favorite animal .
our least liked fruit is the orange , but my least liked is the mango .
you dislike bananas , strawberries , and lemons .
he saw that old white truck .
we dislike oranges , mangoes , and pears .
the united states is never wonderful during october , but it is never pleasant in august .
we plan to visit california next august .
the strawberry is his least favorite fruit , but the orange is your least favorite .
china is never busy during september , but it is usually wonderful in august .
new jersey is usually relaxing during fall , and it is usually quiet in winter .
they like lemons , grapes , and apples .
france is chilly during december .
our favorite fruit is the grape .
china is usually wonderful during spring , and it is sometimes snowy in autumn .
her favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but my favorite is the orange .
our least liked fruit is the orange , but my least liked is the lime .
france is sometimes snowy during march , and it is sometimes quiet in august .
their least favorite fruit is the peach , but your least favorite is the lime .
california is usually warm during march , but it is hot in fall .
that bear was your favorite animal .
paris is never mild during june , and it is sometimes quiet in summer .
france is snowy during august , but it is usually cold in january .
i plan to visit india next autumn .
she saw that shiny black automobile .
he likes apples , bananas , and limes .
the united states is usually pleasant during february , and it is sometimes snowy in summer .
china is never rainy during november , and it is sometimes pleasant in february .
the apple is their most loved fruit , but the mango is her most loved .
she went to california last may .
india is quiet during october , but it is mild in december .
the united states is never freezing during february , and it is never chilly in november .
you dislike peaches , strawberries , and pears .
the united states is sometimes cold during fall , but it is wet in october .
i dislike grapes and strawberries .
india is cold during june , but it is usually hot in november .
she is driving that shiny red automobile .
the banana is his least favorite fruit .
new jersey is nice during spring , but it is chilly in fall .
the apple is your least liked fruit , but the lemon is his least liked .
china is warm during september , and it is mild in spring .
our least liked fruit is the peach , but your least liked is the grape .
france is sometimes wet during november , but it is usually wonderful in august .
china is sometimes relaxing during september , but it is usually nice in july .
india is sometimes mild during winter , but it is sometimes snowy in july .
new jersey is sometimes chilly during march , but it is never dry in april .
california is never freezing during spring , but it is nice in december .
california is sometimes cold during may , but it is rainy in summer .
china is usually mild during november , and it is wet in february .
the peach is her most loved fruit , but the banana is my most loved .
india is sometimes pleasant during october , but it is sometimes wet in april .
your most loved animal is this snake .
france is snowy during january , and it is sometimes quiet in march .
india is usually wet during spring , but it is usually pleasant in december .
we like oranges , lemons , and bananas .
china is never warm during february , but it is quiet in august .
our least liked fruit is the grape , but their least liked is the strawberry .
my favorite fruit is the grape , but her favorite is the mango.
china is hot during spring , but it is usually wet in autumn .
he likes grapes , grapefruit , and pears.
the bird is his least favorite animal .
her least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but his least favorite is the lime .
this lion is her favorite animal .
india is usually rainy during march , but it is pleasant in autumn .
paris is sometimes dry during february , and it is usually warm in may .
india is usually wet during may , and it is never busy in january .
california is usually chilly during august , but it is usually rainy in october .
he likes bananas , oranges , and mangoes .
you dislike peaches , oranges , and mangoes .
china is never beautiful during september , and it is busy in december .
paris is usually nice during december , and it is usually cold in september .
the peach is their least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is our least favorite .
france is sometimes warm during june , and it is sometimes rainy in april .
new jersey is usually freezing during april , and it is usually snowy in july .
paris is sometimes relaxing during september , and it is sometimes beautiful in june .
he dislikes apples and lemons .
her least favorite fruit is the peach , but our least favorite is the apple .
she drove that old green automobile .
india is snowy during june , but it is usually cold in january .
my least favorite animal was that horse .
new jersey is sometimes quiet during winter , and it is sometimes relaxing in april .
france is usually wonderful during april , and it is sometimes beautiful in march .
china is usually snowy during april , and it is sometimes pleasant in march .
the pear is our favorite fruit , but the mango is your favorite .
they dislike oranges , limes , and apples .
the united states is usually freezing during winter , but it is usually relaxing in october .
our favorite fruit is the pear , but his favorite is the peach .
france is sometimes wet during summer , but it is usually rainy in february .
california is sometimes nice during autumn , and it is usually rainy in may .
the orange is her favorite fruit , but the lemon is our favorite .
my favorite fruit is the strawberry , but their favorite is the pear.
the united states is usually pleasant during autumn , and it is quiet in december .
he dislikes oranges , grapes , and peaches .
her most loved fruit is the banana , but his most loved is the apple .
he dislikes pears .
the mouse was his least favorite animal .
how was your visit to india last january ?
france is usually chilly during may , but it is hot in november .
new jersey is busy during november , but it is sometimes quiet in fall .
their most loved fruit is the lime , but your most loved is the grapefruit.
she dislikes limes.
their least liked fruit is the grapefruit , but our least liked is the peach .
my least favorite fruit is the banana .
france is usually beautiful during may , but it is never wet in june .
china is never nice during august , and it is sometimes beautiful in may .
my least liked fruit is the mango , but their least liked is the peach .
the united states is sometimes dry during september , but it is never wonderful in august .
california is usually pleasant during december , and it is sometimes rainy in june .
she dislikes grapes , grapefruit , and limes .
the lemon is our favorite fruit , but the grape is my favorite .
china is never busy during november , and it is usually wonderful in december .
she likes mangoes , peaches , and apples .
india is usually dry during spring , but it is usually nice in summer .
paris is usually chilly during fall , but it is never freezing in march .
china is never nice during april , and it is never mild in october .
they might go to france next october .
your most loved fruit is the pear , but our most loved is the lime .
my most loved fruit is the apple , but your most loved is the grape .
paris is hot during august , but it is snowy in summer .
new jersey is usually warm during september , and it is usually wonderful in october .
new jersey is sometimes wet during june , and it is mild in august .
the united states is sometimes relaxing during june , but it is usually quiet in winter .
california is sometimes rainy during january , but it is snowy in november .
california is freezing during march , and it is usually cold in august .
she dislikes a new yellow truck .
china is nice during july , and it is sometimes mild in may .
the united states is mild during july , and it is never dry in spring .
my least liked fruit is the lemon , but her least liked is the apple .
india is usually pleasant during summer , but it is dry in january .
france is never snowy during winter , but it is relaxing in august .
india is never wet during june , but it is hot in winter .
they wanted to go to california last july .
china is usually hot during september , but it is never relaxing in january .
new jersey is beautiful during february , and it is never dry in fall .
he is driving that big blue automobile .
he dislikes strawberries , mangoes , and limes .
she was driving the rusty green car .
the grapefruit is our most loved fruit , but the orange is my most loved .
new jersey is sometimes pleasant during march , and it is sometimes chilly in december .
i plan to visit china in spring .
paris is usually hot during march , and it is never dry in december .
he likes lemons , grapefruit , and limes.
paris is usually quiet during october , and it is sometimes chilly in july .
india is sometimes beautiful during december , but it is never hot in september .
new jersey is mild during october , and it is usually rainy in july .
she likes apples and strawberries .
the mango is your least liked fruit , but the orange is his least liked .
she thinks translating between english and french is difficult .
she dislikes mangoes , peaches , and oranges.
france is sometimes beautiful during january , and it is usually chilly in spring .
they like mangoes , pears , and grapefruit.
he likes apples , lemons , and peaches .
new jersey is cold during november , and it is beautiful in april .
china is usually snowy during june , but it is sometimes dry in may .
they are going to india next winter .
india is mild during july , but it is sometimes relaxing in march .
france is usually snowy during october , but it is sometimes freezing in december .
the mango is their least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is her least liked .
she dislikes the little white automobile .
new jersey is sometimes wet during january , and it is sometimes nice in october .
his least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but her least favorite is the orange .
you like bananas , mangoes , and peaches .
the mango is your least liked fruit , but the pear is his least liked .
she is driving that new green automobile .
she likes grapefruit , lemons , and limes .
she likes grapes , grapefruit , and limes.
the united states is usually beautiful during february , but it is sometimes warm in september .
she dislikes a new green automobile .
india is never busy during autumn , but it is freezing in summer .
france is never pleasant during august , but it is never busy in november .
paris is never snowy during august , but it is busy in december .
the mango is his most loved fruit , but the apple is my most loved .
india is sometimes rainy during july , but it is never nice in may .
he dislikes limes , grapefruit , and bananas .
her favorite fruit is the strawberry , but our favorite is the pear .
paris is sometimes nice during winter , but it is usually dry in august .
the lime is her least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is his least favorite .
france is usually busy during winter , and it is sometimes freezing in june .
india is wonderful during summer , and it is wet in may .
the apple is our least liked fruit , but the pear is their least liked .
his favorite fruit is the banana , but your favorite is the peach .
france is dry during autumn , but it is never nice in december .
the united states is never relaxing during april , and it is usually nice in autumn .
the grape is our favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is my favorite .
china is chilly during august , and it is usually quiet in autumn .
does she like new jersey ?
the united states is usually relaxing during winter , but it is never pleasant in spring .
your most loved fruit is the apple , but my most loved is the mango .
he disliked the little black car .
paris is sometimes wet during august , but it is sometimes relaxing in november .
india is usually chilly during february , but it is wonderful in july .
your favorite fruit is the lemon , but my favorite is the lime .
the orange is my least liked fruit , but the peach is their least liked .
they like peaches , grapefruit , and grapes .
your favorite fruit is the strawberry , but her favorite is the grapefruit.
india is sometimes rainy during autumn , and it is usually chilly in fall .
your most loved fruit is the lime , but my most loved is the mango .
india is busy during spring , but it is usually nice in winter .
paris is usually dry during april , and it is warm in spring .
india is sometimes relaxing during march , and it is sometimes rainy in june .
new jersey is usually pleasant during november , but it is sometimes cold in fall .
she wants to go to the united states  .
the pear is her favorite fruit , but the grape is his favorite .
the united states is usually busy during winter , and it is mild in september .
he likes a new white car .
paris is sometimes beautiful during fall , but it is pleasant in september .
the united states is never quiet during february , but it is sometimes beautiful in fall .
they like peaches , oranges , and grapes .
he disliked a shiny blue automobile .
the grapefruit is her least liked fruit , but the orange is his least liked .
he thinks it's fun to translate chinese to portuguese .
the lemon is her favorite fruit , but the orange is our favorite .
they dislike oranges , strawberries , and apples .
new jersey is sometimes warm during january , but it is snowy in october .
i like grapefruit , oranges , and pears .
india is sometimes freezing during january , but it is sometimes hot in august .
she likes peaches , bananas , and strawberries .
the united states is pleasant during september , but it is sometimes freezing in december .
the united states is usually relaxing during winter , and it is freezing in april .
she dislikes grapes , lemons , and pears .
you like limes , mangoes , and oranges.
your favorite fruit is the orange , but their favorite is the lime .
india is hot during autumn , but it is usually wonderful in january .
the united states is never warm during january , but it is never cold in winter .
india is usually pleasant during november , but it is never hot in winter .
india is nice during july , but it is sometimes wonderful in fall .
our least favorite fruit is the pear , but his least favorite is the apple .
i dislike limes , bananas , and mangoes.
the mango is our least liked fruit , but the lime is their least liked .
the lime is my least favorite fruit , but the banana is his least favorite .
the united states is pleasant during summer , but it is nice in april .
france is busy during january , but it is sometimes relaxing in september .
the united states is wonderful during winter , and it is never wet in fall .
paris is sometimes rainy during october , but it is never dry in may .
france is usually warm during winter , but it is freezing in october .
paris is never pleasant during spring , and it is rainy in october .
paris is sometimes hot during february , but it is busy in march .
the united states is freezing during january , and it is usually rainy in may .
paris is never freezing during january , but it is wonderful in november .
india is never wonderful during november , but it is usually snowy in july .
he likes apples and strawberries .
india is sometimes busy during march , and it is usually wet in summer .
new jersey is never quiet during october , and it is never mild in winter .
they like peaches , limes , and pears .
california is rainy during august , but it is beautiful in may .
new jersey is wet during january , but it is usually busy in september .
the apple is her most loved fruit , but the grapefruit is my most loved .
california is usually warm during summer , and it is sometimes dry in november .
france is hot during may , but it is usually busy in summer .
india is snowy during january , but it is usually busy in autumn .
you like lemons , grapes , and strawberries .
the united states is sometimes beautiful during december , but it is never snowy in autumn .
your favorite fruit is the orange , but his favorite is the lime .
that horse was my most loved animal .
the united states is never wonderful during autumn , but it is never relaxing in august .
he likes lemons , mangoes , and oranges.
the mango is his favorite fruit , but the orange is our favorite .
the orange is her least liked fruit .
their least liked fruit is the lemon , but his least liked is the grape .
the grapefruit is your most loved fruit , but the orange is our most loved .
she likes grapefruit and lemons .
you dislike grapes , pears , and strawberries .
india is never nice during may , and it is usually relaxing in june .
california is sometimes cold during may , and it is never dry in september .
paris is sometimes warm during january , but it is never nice in fall .
california is mild during april , but it is sometimes nice in august .
he drove a big green car .
paris is usually pleasant during spring , but it is chilly in may .
their favorite fruit is the banana , but your favorite is the mango .
you dislike apples , limes , and pears .
china is rainy during fall , and it is usually wonderful in autumn .
california is never dry during november , and it is snowy in march .
the united states is pleasant during september , and it is usually hot in winter .
when did she go to the football field ?
california is never snowy during spring , but it is sometimes cold in june .
california is sometimes quiet during summer , and it is usually relaxing in march .
your favorite fruit is the mango , but my favorite is the strawberry .
paris is never dry during july , but it is hot in fall .
he dislikes lemons , grapes , and apples.
the lemon is their favorite fruit , but the lime is his favorite .
the grape is his favorite fruit , but the lemon is their favorite.
paris is nice during december , and it is never mild in fall .
france is sometimes pleasant during december , and it is never busy in spring .
france is never busy during spring , and it is sometimes beautiful in autumn .
she likes apples , mangoes , and grapes .
france is rainy during february , but it is never busy in april .
the orange is our most loved fruit , but the strawberry is your most loved .
new jersey is usually nice during october , but it is quiet in november .
california is usually wet during october , and it is never relaxing in summer .
india is busy during summer , but it is usually freezing in july .
her most loved fruit is the lime , but our most loved is the orange .
france is sometimes rainy during october , and it is sometimes cold in december .
i dislike grapefruit , pears , and lemons .
california is usually warm during july , but it is cold in spring .
new jersey is never chilly during december , and it is never wonderful in summer .
new jersey is never beautiful during winter , but it is sometimes busy in november .
i like limes , strawberries , and apples.
the apple is my most loved fruit , but the lemon is our most loved .
india is warm during november , and it is quiet in april .
the united states is sometimes rainy during winter , but it is sometimes busy in june .
the pear is our most loved fruit , but the mango is her most loved .
new jersey is never busy during april , but it is never pleasant in november .
china is chilly during october , and it is sometimes relaxing in april .
his most loved animal is this mouse .
new jersey is usually warm during autumn , and it is never cold in june .
they like pears , oranges , and strawberries .
china is usually wet during october , but it is never wonderful in autumn .
your favorite animal was that bird .
new jersey is never dry during june , and it is sometimes nice in winter .
he dislikes peaches , grapes , and grapefruit .
she dislikes mangoes and bananas.
the pear is their least liked fruit , but the mango is his least liked .
he dislikes oranges , lemons , and strawberries .
india is sometimes quiet during winter , and it is usually nice in september .
she disliked a old green truck .
the united states is dry during march , and it is never warm in may .
new jersey is usually beautiful during summer , and it is sometimes nice in october .
the apple is her least liked fruit , but the mango is their least liked .
he likes peaches and oranges .
the snake is my least favorite animal .
paris is usually rainy during december , and it is wet in april .
india is relaxing during december , and it is never nice in september .
she thinks translating between spanish and french is fun .
the grape is their favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is your favorite .
the orange is my favorite fruit , but the strawberry is your favorite .
california is sometimes nice during october , and it is never busy in june .
california is sometimes cold during autumn , but it is rainy in december .
they plan to visit india next february .
the lime is my most loved fruit , but the banana is their most loved .
the grapefruit is our most loved fruit , but the banana is my most loved .
india is sometimes snowy during november , and it is sometimes dry in winter .
india is never pleasant during june , but it is beautiful in spring .
he drove that big black truck .
china is never mild during july , but it is busy in august .
india is never wonderful during april , and it is beautiful in february .
our favorite fruit is the pear , but their favorite is the lemon .
my most loved animals were lions .
they wanted to go to india last spring .
india is usually cold during may , and it is never freezing in winter .
my most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but their most loved is the strawberry .
he dislikes apples , strawberries , and limes .
she likes pears , grapefruit , and apples .
india is usually dry during summer , and it is rainy in may .
i dislike grapes , mangoes , and oranges .
i dislike oranges , apples , and peaches .
paris is never mild during september , but it is freezing in winter .
paris is sometimes warm during january , and it is never mild in june .
paris is usually beautiful during summer , and it is sometimes mild in autumn .
california is never wonderful during april , but it is sometimes beautiful in july .
he drives the big white truck .
france is never dry during june , and it is usually cold in fall .
our most loved fruit is the mango , but my most loved is the peach .
he liked a big yellow automobile .
california is sometimes dry during february , but it is sometimes relaxing in september .
he dislikes peaches , apples , and lemons .
she likes grapes , grapefruit , and oranges .
india is cold during fall , and it is never quiet in november .
i like mangoes , peaches , and strawberries.
he plans to visit the united states next summer .
california is never wet during september , but it is usually cold in spring .
china is dry during spring , but it is never rainy in december .
they like oranges and peaches .
they dislike limes , mangoes , and pears.
i dislike oranges , apples , and bananas .
he likes grapefruit , oranges , and limes .
he dislikes that little white car .
france is sometimes hot during august , but it is nice in autumn .
california is usually wonderful during winter , but it is sometimes beautiful in march .
their least liked fruit is the orange , but my least liked is the grapefruit .
the strawberry is their least favorite fruit , but the orange is her least favorite.
paris is never cold during spring , but it is sometimes mild in september .
new jersey is nice during winter , and it is never pleasant in november .
the lemon is my least liked fruit , but the grape is their least liked .
he likes apples , lemons , and grapes .
india is usually nice during june , but it is usually chilly in february .
paris is chilly during december , and it is never snowy in fall .
paris is usually relaxing during spring , and it is sometimes mild in march .
france is usually pleasant during winter , and it is never busy in january .
india is usually rainy during summer , but it is sometimes beautiful in spring .
he dislikes peaches , lemons , and oranges .
my least liked fruit is the grapefruit , but your least liked is the orange .
france is usually warm during winter , but it is usually quiet in october .
the united states is usually nice during march , but it is never snowy in fall .
my least favorite fruit is the orange , but her least favorite is the grapefruit .
the strawberry is her favorite fruit , but the peach is our favorite .
india is relaxing during fall , but it is chilly in spring .
he is driving that new green car .
her most loved fruit is the lemon , but our most loved is the pear .
china is never beautiful during june , but it is sometimes dry in november .
i like oranges , grapes , and limes .
she dislikes limes , lemons , and strawberries.
the grapefruit is his most loved fruit , but the strawberry is our most loved.
he wants to go to paris next march .
the strawberry is his least liked fruit , but the peach is your least liked .
you like bananas , oranges , and mangoes .
california is busy during april , and it is never relaxing in fall .
his most loved fruit is the peach , but her most loved is the apple .
france is mild during june , and it is sometimes hot in october .
the united states is usually chilly during winter , and it is usually relaxing in autumn .
our least favorite fruit is the apple , but her least favorite is the strawberry .
paris is beautiful during december , but it is never hot in august .
he likes peaches and grapes .
california is never dry during november , and it is usually warm in july .
new jersey is usually busy during january , but it is usually freezing in september .
france is dry during march , and it is sometimes mild in january .
you like bananas , apples , and peaches .
i dislike oranges , pears , and mangoes .
china is never busy during march , and it is cold in december .
new jersey is sometimes freezing during fall , but it is sometimes relaxing in june .
california is sometimes nice during may , but it is never dry in january .
india is sometimes hot during july , and it is snowy in september .
she dislikes apples , bananas , and pears .
i like peaches , mangoes , and grapefruit .
china is never hot during november , and it is usually rainy in august .
france is sometimes beautiful during october , but it is sometimes relaxing in september .
the united states is usually warm during summer , and it is sometimes pleasant in april .
their least liked fruit is the lemon , but her least liked is the apple .
new jersey is never pleasant during february , but it is never nice in july .
we plan to visit new jersey next fall .
the lemon is their favorite fruit , but the banana is his favorite .
california is usually beautiful during january , but it is wet in winter .
the strawberry is her favorite fruit , but the pear is their favorite .
china is never cold during february , but it is wonderful in june .
india is sometimes beautiful during february , and it is wonderful in september .
the peach is her least liked fruit , but the grape is our least liked .
the united states is usually rainy during november , and it is never chilly in december .
france is usually nice during july , and it is usually hot in september .
china is sometimes relaxing during january , and it is sometimes snowy in september .
his least liked fruit is the lemon , but her least liked is the strawberry .
his least liked fruit is the strawberry , but her least liked is the pear .
california is sometimes pleasant during september , but it is chilly in march .
the banana is their least favorite fruit , but the strawberry is his least favorite .
paris is usually pleasant during fall , but it is never dry in june .
new jersey is dry during december , but it is never chilly in july .
china is never freezing during february , but it is usually warm in spring .
our least liked fruit is the grape , but his least liked is the pear .
california is sometimes wonderful during september , but it is never dry in fall .
paris is usually relaxing during february , and it is dry in summer .
france is usually busy during august , but it is never chilly in october .
france is sometimes relaxing during march , but it is usually warm in july .
the banana is her most loved fruit , but the grape is your most loved .
the lemon is our least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is her least liked .
france is never chilly during winter , but it is never mild in march .
china is never dry during autumn , but it is sometimes hot in fall .
paris is sometimes quiet during march , and it is chilly in may .
paris is pleasant during winter , but it is never wonderful in november .
france is sometimes warm during fall , but it is quiet in october .
she disliked a shiny green car .
bananas are my least liked fruit .
china is usually beautiful during february , and it is usually wet in april .
they wanted to go to paris last spring .
paris is usually warm during march , but it is usually hot in april .
my least favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but their least favorite is the banana .
i like lemons and mangoes .
the united states is never busy during may , but it is beautiful in february .
she is driving that little red truck .
china is never mild during august , and it is sometimes dry in december .
paris is sometimes relaxing during september , and it is usually mild in february .
california is relaxing during summer , but it is never wet in september .
their most loved fruit is the pear , but your most loved is the grape .
the lime is our most loved fruit , but the grape is her most loved.
china is pleasant during february , and it is sometimes freezing in december .
china is warm during november , but it is chilly in january .
she likes oranges , mangoes , and strawberries .
china is usually busy during april , but it is sometimes rainy in july .
you dislike pears , grapefruit , and strawberries .
new jersey is freezing during winter , and it is usually wonderful in september .
my favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but our favorite is the strawberry .
india is sometimes freezing during april , and it is usually beautiful in may .
the apple is our least liked fruit , but the strawberry is my least liked .
my least favorite fruit is the grape , but their least favorite is the lemon.
the banana is their most loved fruit , but the orange is my most loved .
the united states is usually snowy during december , but it is sometimes nice in may .
new jersey is usually busy during august , and it is pleasant in february .
he dislikes grapefruit , mangoes , and pears .
she plans to visit california next august .
the united states is sometimes mild during spring , and it is never chilly in december .
he likes bananas , peaches , and grapefruit .
he likes strawberries , bananas , and grapefruit .
paris is sometimes freezing during august , but it is never rainy in april .
he likes bananas , pears , and mangoes .
they like mangoes , peaches , and strawberries.
her most loved fruit is the apple , but our most loved is the lemon .
paris is quiet during november , and it is never wet in february .
paris is sometimes dry during november , and it is usually wonderful in march .
california is usually freezing during winter , and it is cold in spring .
new jersey is usually rainy during fall , and it is never warm in july .
paris is usually beautiful during december , but it is usually freezing in autumn .
my least favorite fruit is the grape , but her least favorite is the mango.
their least liked fruit is the strawberry , but your least liked is the lime.
her most loved fruit is the lemon , but our most loved is the strawberry .
we like grapes , limes , and mangoes .
india is cold during october , and it is never beautiful in september .
india is usually wonderful during june , and it is usually pleasant in october .
he drove a rusty red car .
france is usually warm during november , and it is never cold in july .
california is sometimes chilly during february , but it is usually rainy in january .
our most loved fruit is the orange , but his most loved is the strawberry .
he dislikes the old green truck .
she likes lemons , strawberries , and grapefruit.
paris is usually cold during february , and it is usually wet in may .
he likes limes , apples , and mangoes .
we like strawberries , peaches , and mangoes .
new jersey is sometimes wonderful during november , but it is never rainy in july .
china is usually nice during november , and it is never busy in march .
the united states is usually hot during june , and it is usually cold in july .
paris is never rainy during september , and it is sometimes busy in may .
the pear is his most loved fruit , but the grape is their most loved .
the apple is her least liked fruit , but the lime is their least liked .
your least favorite fruit is the peach , but our least favorite is the grapefruit .
she likes strawberries , pears , and lemons .
the apple is my most loved fruit , but the orange is their most loved .
he is driving the big green truck .
new jersey is usually beautiful during december , and it is never mild in august .
am i going to the united states ?
france is usually beautiful during summer , but it is pleasant in august .
the banana is her least liked fruit , but the apple is your least liked .
our most loved fruit is the apple , but your most loved is the peach .
the united states is usually quiet during october , and it is never warm in july .
new jersey is usually mild during summer , but it is usually cold in autumn .
our least liked fruit is the pear , but your least liked is the apple .
california is usually mild during july , but it is usually cold in autumn .
china is sometimes mild during december , and it is never quiet in autumn .
you like mangoes , limes , and oranges.
their least liked fruit is the peach , but his least liked is the strawberry .
china is usually wonderful during autumn , and it is never nice in april .
she drives the old yellow automobile .
new jersey is usually busy during march , and it is usually wonderful in fall .
she likes oranges , peaches , and apples .
paris is usually dry during october , but it is freezing in december .
paris is never chilly during january , but it is usually cold in february .
china is usually warm during may , but it is sometimes nice in august .
paris is mild during july , and it is sometimes nice in winter .
their least liked fruit is the orange , but your least liked is the banana .
india is never wonderful during april , and it is never hot in october .
new jersey is never chilly during march , but it is never wet in autumn .
their least liked fruit is the peach , but her least liked is the banana .
they dislike bananas , lemons , and oranges .
india is usually snowy during winter , and it is sometimes busy in spring .
he likes mangoes and oranges .
paris is sometimes hot during december , and it is never pleasant in summer .
they dislike lemons , grapes , and grapefruit .
my least favorite fruit is the grape , but her least favorite is the lemon.
france is dry during may , and it is wet in january .
my most loved fruit is the lemon , but your most loved is the banana .
india is sometimes pleasant during january , and it is warm in autumn .
she drives that little yellow automobile .
he dislikes mangoes , bananas , and apples .
the united states is usually busy during autumn , and it is usually wet in february .
the lemon is her least favorite fruit , but the apple is his least favorite .
india is usually mild during april , but it is sometimes snowy in spring .
we like grapes , mangoes , and grapefruit .
california is nice during september , and it is usually snowy in november .
she dislikes grapes , lemons , and peaches .
california is sometimes wonderful during june , but it is never cold in february .
new jersey is quiet during spring , but it is chilly in october .
he likes strawberries , grapes , and pears .
france is sometimes nice during may , but it is snowy in winter .
the united states is sometimes rainy during july , but it is usually relaxing in november .
the strawberry is our least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is her least favorite.
we dislike grapes , limes , and grapefruit .
the lemon is our least liked fruit , but the mango is his least liked .
france is usually cold during november , and it is sometimes beautiful in winter .
france is never cold during june , but it is never beautiful in spring .
she likes lemons , mangoes , and oranges.
new jersey is sometimes hot during fall , and it is never wonderful in january .
she dislikes oranges , grapes , and lemons .
france is sometimes busy during winter , but it is never beautiful in january .
the apple is your most loved fruit , but the pear is our most loved .
california is snowy during autumn , but it is usually pleasant in august .
india is sometimes wet during february , but it is sometimes beautiful in winter .
she likes limes , peaches , and strawberries .
paris is never freezing during july , and it is usually relaxing in august .
they plan to visit france next winter .
the united states is relaxing during winter , but it is never nice in may .
california is sometimes cold during january , but it is wet in august .
new jersey is never beautiful during november , and it is usually dry in july .
france is usually mild during september , but it is sometimes hot in spring .
paris is never pleasant during autumn , and it is sometimes chilly in january .
france is usually relaxing during may , and it is sometimes busy in september .
paris is never nice during july , and it is never dry in november .
new jersey is usually cold during december , but it is sometimes nice in fall .
my least favorite fruit is the apple , but his least favorite is the peach .
france is never chilly during september , and it is never dry in summer .
france is never rainy during october , and it is sometimes snowy in autumn .
california is never wonderful during january , but it is pleasant in july .
california is rainy during fall , but it is usually nice in august .
france is sometimes wet during july , and it is sometimes quiet in september .
india is pleasant during fall , and it is sometimes chilly in winter .
her least favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but their least favorite is the orange .
my least favorite fruit is the pear , but her least favorite is the grape .
france is never relaxing during december , and it is sometimes quiet in october .
i dislike limes , grapes , and pears.
they dislike bananas and peaches .
the united states is nice during september , and it is never relaxing in july .
china is usually mild during december , but it is usually snowy in january .
she dislikes lemons , grapefruit , and pears .
she likes limes , strawberries , and mangoes .
california is never busy during november , but it is relaxing in march .
california is never freezing during autumn , but it is mild in january .
india is never dry during july , but it is pleasant in september .
china is sometimes hot during september , and it is never rainy in november .
i dislike mangoes , grapefruit , and strawberries.
our least liked fruit is the grapefruit , but their least liked is the pear .
new jersey is never nice during april , and it is dry in june .
their least favorite fruit is the lime , but our least favorite is the banana.
the grapefruit is our least favorite fruit , but the peach is her least favorite .
he dislikes mangoes , oranges , and grapes .
california is sometimes snowy during june , but it is usually nice in april .
the lime is our favorite fruit , but the mango is their favorite.
china is freezing during january , but it is usually pleasant in november .
india is usually nice during july , but it is sometimes rainy in october .
paris is sometimes wonderful during february , but it is never snowy in september .
india is freezing during fall , and it is usually wonderful in february .
he dislikes grapes , apples , and grapefruit.
she liked the old black truck .
he dislikes limes , bananas , and mangoes .
france is sometimes wet during july , but it is sometimes cold in winter .
our least liked fruit is the grapefruit , but my least liked is the banana .
the strawberry is my least favorite fruit , but the peach is their least favorite.
she likes lemons , strawberries , and peaches.
india is sometimes chilly during september , but it is sometimes quiet in summer .
he likes peaches , bananas , and strawberries .
new jersey is beautiful during summer , but it is wet in march .
paris is sometimes dry during november , and it is sometimes warm in january .
she likes oranges and pears .
the united states is sometimes cold during march , and it is sometimes quiet in october .
the grapefruit is your least liked fruit , but the mango is their least liked .
they are going to new jersey next january .
the united states is pleasant during december , but it is nice in october .
france is never freezing during august , but it is sometimes wonderful in march .
he dislikes mangoes , limes , and grapefruit .
the mango is her most loved fruit , but the lemon is our most loved .
their least favorite fruit is the apple , but your least favorite is the pear .
china is usually hot during december , and it is never warm in july .
our most loved fruit is the grape .
california is quiet during spring , but it is sometimes freezing in autumn .
the strawberry is their most loved fruit , but the grape is his most loved.
he disliked that old red automobile .
i dislike peaches , oranges , and apples .
she drove a new green car .
her least liked fruit is the pear , but our least liked is the mango .
the united states is sometimes busy during fall .
the grape is their most loved fruit , but the orange is his most loved .
california is sometimes hot during march , but it is usually relaxing in june .
the united states is never wet during may , but it is sometimes quiet in summer .
china is never mild during fall , and it is chilly in july .
the united states is usually quiet during june , but it is never warm in december .
she dislikes grapes , oranges , and peaches .
india is wet during august , but it is never chilly in september .
france is rainy during march , and it is quiet in summer .
the orange is his least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is our least favorite .
the lime is your favorite fruit , but the grape is his favorite .
she wants to go to france next winter .
he liked the big yellow car .
he dislikes pears , strawberries , and grapefruit .
the united states is sometimes beautiful during autumn , and it is warm in february .
the mango is our least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is her least liked .
my least liked fruit is the banana , but her least liked is the lime .
the orange is their most loved fruit , but the lime is my most loved .
paris is sometimes mild during december , but it is sometimes hot in summer .
india is hot during summer , and it is never chilly in february .
the united states is usually snowy during may , but it is never relaxing in june .
paris is sometimes mild during january , but it is sometimes freezing in september .
california is never chilly during october , but it is sometimes beautiful in summer .
her favorite fruit is the lemon , but his favorite is the grape .
the grape is your least liked fruit , but the apple is his least liked .
she might go to new jersey next spring .
france is sometimes cold during winter , and it is sometimes nice in summer .
she likes grapes , lemons , and apples.
the united states is usually dry during february , but it is freezing in december .
the banana is their least favorite fruit , but the apple is her least favorite .
france is sometimes mild during spring , but it is usually nice in fall .
france is usually busy during autumn , and it is never mild in fall .
she disliked the shiny blue car .
the united states is sometimes freezing during october , and it is never wet in february .
china is never busy during january , but it is beautiful in december .
the lemon is his least favorite fruit , but the lime is your least favorite .
california is sometimes nice during autumn , but it is sometimes wet in november .
we like grapefruit , grapes , and pears .
france is never pleasant during august , and it is usually wonderful in march .
he likes bananas , strawberries , and grapefruit .
france is never wonderful during spring , but it is sometimes pleasant in january .
paris is never cold during may , but it is never nice in spring .
california is usually beautiful during may , but it is never dry in september .
she likes bananas , peaches , and grapefruit .
the mango is my least favorite fruit , but the lemon is your least favorite .
france is wet during may , but it is never wonderful in october .
india is usually wonderful during winter , but it is sometimes cold in july .
she dislikes peaches , apples , and mangoes .
california is nice during summer , but it is rainy in february .
france is sometimes dry during november , but it is never rainy in february .
california is chilly during october , and it is usually beautiful in june .
she dislikes mangoes , limes , and bananas.
she likes apples , peaches , and strawberries .
the peach is her least favorite fruit , but the strawberry is your least favorite .
france is never cold during april , and it is usually warm in august .
their least liked fruit is the pear , but my least liked is the apple .
china is usually nice during april , but it is usually chilly in september .
she drove that shiny blue automobile .
the united states is usually busy during february , and it is sometimes wet in fall .
india is hot during march , but it is quiet in february .
you like limes , bananas , and mangoes.
new jersey is sometimes hot during september , and it is wonderful in spring .
china is never hot during april , but it is never rainy in spring .
the apple is their favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is my favorite .
her least favorite fruit is the banana , but his least favorite is the grapefruit .
the grape is her favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is your favorite.
you like limes , strawberries , and mangoes.
paris is wonderful during spring , but it is usually snowy in summer .
new jersey is never relaxing during april , and it is never warm in december .
he likes mangoes , pears , and strawberries .
he might go to california next july .
california is usually pleasant during may , and it is sometimes mild in april .
india is sometimes nice during february , but it is sometimes wonderful in january .
paris is chilly during winter , and it is sometimes warm in august .
the united states is mild during autumn , and it is never warm in winter .
why did they go to france ?
he likes lemons , peaches , and strawberries.
they dislike apples , bananas , and limes .
he likes a big black truck .
he likes mangoes , strawberries , and grapefruit .
california is never cold during july , but it is sometimes dry in march .
snakes are his most feared animals .
that dog was my favorite animal .
paris is usually hot during january , but it is usually warm in february .
france is sometimes nice during march , and it is usually dry in april .
her least liked fruit is the strawberry , but my least liked is the grape .
paris is usually wonderful during september , and it is sometimes wet in april .
the peach is your least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is our least liked .
france is warm during may , but it is never hot in february .
paris is usually warm during june , and it is sometimes rainy in august .
he likes apples , limes , and lemons .
the grape is her least liked fruit , but the orange is their least liked.
the united states is never nice during october , and it is never busy in fall .
paris is usually beautiful during october , and it is sometimes warm in summer .
new jersey is sometimes cold during july , and it is sometimes quiet in may .
it's fun to translate spanish to english .
he dislikes peaches and grapes .
the united states is nice during july , and it is usually quiet in october .
china is never relaxing during september , and it is snowy in april .
the united states is mild during october , but it is never cold in summer .
china is never dry during autumn , but it is freezing in october .
france is usually nice during july , and it is sometimes wet in autumn .
the orange is their favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is your favorite .
france is never busy during january , and it is never chilly in october .
california is usually dry during august , but it is beautiful in summer .
paris is usually warm during december , but it is usually nice in summer .
india is sometimes wonderful during july , and it is sometimes nice in november .
california is never chilly during june , but it is relaxing in september .
your least liked fruit is the mango .
the mango is our least liked fruit , but the pear is their least liked .
he dislikes apples and pears .
california is sometimes rainy during spring , but it is never freezing in february .
new jersey is usually chilly during june , and it is freezing in may .
you dislike pears , grapes , and mangoes .
paris is sometimes busy during december , and it is sometimes quiet in autumn .
california is sometimes quiet during july , but it is sometimes wonderful in summer .
my favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but your favorite is the pear .
the grape is her least favorite fruit , but the banana is his least favorite.
california is snowy during november , and it is warm in september .
california is never beautiful during winter , but it is never wet in july .
she went to india last march .
india is usually rainy during january , and it is sometimes wonderful in april .
their least liked fruit is the mango , but our least liked is the apple .
she saw that shiny white car .
your most loved fruit is the apple , but their most loved is the lime .
my most loved animal is that shark .
that mouse is his most feared animal .
france is sometimes quiet during january , but it is usually snowy in winter .
california is usually nice during june , and it is sometimes relaxing in autumn .
he likes lemons , oranges , and limes.
paris is sometimes pleasant during september , and it is sometimes quiet in june .
their least favorite fruit is the mango , but our least favorite is the lemon .
china is usually dry during november , but it is never wet in april .
china is usually dry during june , but it is beautiful in september .
the united states is sometimes dry during june , and it is pleasant in july .
paris is never warm during autumn , but it is never chilly in summer .
india is wonderful during autumn , but it is never busy in september .
france is warm during january , and it is chilly in october .
he likes lemons , limes , and grapefruit.
she likes grapefruit , strawberries , and pears .
california is never wonderful during summer , and it is usually mild in february .
china is usually wet during september , and it is usually rainy in february .
china is sometimes freezing during march , and it is busy in november .
new jersey is sometimes nice during december , but it is sometimes wonderful in june .
the lemon is our least liked fruit , but the banana is her least liked .
her least favorite fruit is the banana , but his least favorite is the orange .
her least liked fruit is the peach , but our least liked is the lemon .
paris is sometimes dry during winter , and it is sometimes pleasant in spring .
your least favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but her least favorite is the banana .
she dislikes bananas , pears , and peaches .
paris is never mild during september , and it is usually snowy in february .
new jersey is usually chilly during november , and it is usually beautiful in july .
paris is cold during september , but it is relaxing in june .
california is sometimes wonderful during october , and it is nice in spring .
india is sometimes relaxing during july , but it is sometimes nice in january .
france is usually dry during january , but it is sometimes freezing in september .
the banana is her most loved fruit , but the lemon is your most loved .
they are going to the united states next october .
the united states is usually rainy during january , and it is usually cold in fall .
he dislikes grapes , apples , and oranges.
california is usually busy during october , and it is never wet in november .
paris is usually snowy during july , but it is never cold in april .
china is never wet during march , but it is sometimes pleasant in autumn .
california is sometimes mild during spring , and it is sometimes busy in summer .
our least favorite fruit is the orange , but their least favorite is the mango .
france is never beautiful during winter , but it is usually freezing in august .
he dislikes grapefruit , mangoes , and peaches .
i dislike lemons and oranges .
france is usually wet during january , but it is never wonderful in may .
the united states is usually beautiful during october , but it is usually wet in september .
california is usually wonderful during october , and it is never beautiful in march .
his most loved fruit is the orange , but their most loved is the lemon .
china is hot during fall , but it is sometimes wonderful in spring .
she likes mangoes , strawberries , and apples .
france is dry during fall , but it is sometimes quiet in june .
paris is warm during spring , but it is sometimes pleasant in winter .
that dog is his most feared animal .
california is never rainy during summer , and it is sometimes wonderful in october .
the orange is his most loved fruit , but the mango is your most loved .
the united states is sometimes chilly during september , but it is never wonderful in february .
california is usually freezing during summer , and it is mild in december .
the united states is dry during spring , and it is sometimes pleasant in july .
paris is wet during december , but it is cold in may .
he dislikes oranges , limes , and strawberries .
california is warm during autumn , but it is never quiet in april .
china is never rainy during september , but it is busy in autumn .
paris is never relaxing during july , but it is sometimes chilly in autumn .
china is busy during october , and it is never mild in november .
france is usually quiet during july , and it is usually warm in august .
our least favorite fruit is the pear , but her least favorite is the strawberry .
paris is beautiful during february , but it is usually freezing in autumn .
france is busy during february , but it is hot in may .
the pear is our favorite fruit , but the orange is their favorite .
india is usually wonderful during november , and it is usually pleasant in july .
china is usually beautiful during july , but it is never warm in june .
california is usually relaxing during february , but it is usually nice in september .
the united states is snowy during march , but it is busy in fall .
the peach is your favorite fruit , but the apple is their favorite .
new jersey is sometimes relaxing during march , but it is usually pleasant in february .
the orange is my least liked fruit , but the lime is her least liked .
her favorite fruit is the pear , but our favorite is the orange .
china is sometimes wonderful during september , but it is usually cold in august .
california is usually rainy during november , and it is never snowy in september .
france is pleasant during january , but it is never snowy in may .
california is relaxing during february , and it is pleasant in may .
new jersey is snowy during spring , and it is pleasant in september .
the strawberry is her least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is my least favorite .
the united states is never beautiful during august , but it is usually busy in july .
paris is sometimes beautiful during fall , but it is sometimes freezing in november .
china is usually hot during june , and it is never mild in spring .
california is usually warm during january , but it is sometimes nice in autumn .
he dislikes pears , apples , and grapes .
we dislike limes , pears , and grapefruit.
india is warm during april , and it is dry in summer .
china is never nice during spring , and it is sometimes cold in fall .
china is freezing during may , and it is warm in march .
france is usually warm during november , and it is usually dry in december .
i like bananas , limes , and oranges .
his most loved fruit is the banana , but my most loved is the pear .
california is sometimes freezing during october , and it is sometimes nice in april .
her favorite animal was the snake .
india is sometimes relaxing during july , and it is never wonderful in june .
paris is warm during april , but it is usually wonderful in may .
the united states is snowy during february , and it is never wet in march .
i like grapes , strawberries , and grapefruit .
india is sometimes mild during january , but it is usually wonderful in july .
california is never pleasant during autumn , but it is sometimes hot in september .
peaches are her favorite fruit .
he dislikes strawberries , grapes , and mangoes .
lemons are our least liked fruit.
california is never beautiful during october , and it is usually relaxing in september .
i dislike pears , peaches , and strawberries .
you dislike lemons , oranges , and grapes .
the peach is my least favorite fruit , but the lime is her least favorite .
india is usually wonderful during autumn , and it is usually hot in july .
california is pleasant during january , and it is usually rainy in august .
new jersey is never mild during april , but it is usually cold in february .
new jersey is never quiet during march , but it is usually pleasant in spring .
my least favorite fruit is the mango , but her least favorite is the lime .
do you think translating between french and chinese is easy ?
california is snowy during february , and it is warm in autumn .
california is never quiet during summer , and it is never cold in november .
she likes apples , oranges , and mangoes .
california is sometimes relaxing during fall , and it is sometimes freezing in spring .
paris is relaxing during october , and it is sometimes nice in september .
my favorite fruit is the apple , but her favorite is the banana .
our most loved fruit is the grape , but my most loved is the pear .
the orange is her favorite fruit , but the grape is his favorite .
india is never hot during june , and it is never nice in january .
france is usually chilly during august , and it is sometimes warm in autumn .
i like lemons , peaches , and grapefruit .
india is usually mild during spring , and it is sometimes wet in february .
she was driving a new yellow truck .
china is never pleasant during april , and it is usually wonderful in august .
california is freezing during august , and it is sometimes warm in march .
she dislikes apples , peaches , and pears .
our favorite fruit is the orange , but her favorite is the apple .
the mango is his favorite fruit , but the apple is your favorite .
california is snowy during october , and it is beautiful in summer .
he dislikes pears , oranges , and grapes .
the united states is warm during fall , but it is mild in march .
he likes bananas , grapefruit , and strawberries .
california is never snowy during autumn , and it is never nice in july .
i think translating between portuguese and english is difficult .
china is usually wet during september , and it is sometimes relaxing in march .
she dislikes limes , strawberries , and peaches.
california is usually cold during october , and it is mild in summer .
the united states is never warm during december , and it is hot in august .
he likes the new green truck .
france is usually freezing during september , but it is rainy in march .
california is chilly during december , but it is never quiet in january .
the lemon is their most loved fruit , but the banana is our most loved .
the united states is never freezing during february , and it is never warm in autumn .
he thinks it is fun to translate between english and chinese .
she likes bananas , limes , and pears .
france is sometimes cold during february , and it is usually rainy in september .
france is never beautiful during spring , but it is never relaxing in summer .
their least liked fruit is the lime , but his least liked is the apple.
france is never snowy during june , and it is never busy in november .
the united states is warm during april , and it is never freezing in june .
new jersey is never nice during fall , and it is usually rainy in may .
the banana is my favorite fruit , but the peach is her favorite .
india is snowy during december , and it is never warm in autumn .
india is usually chilly during october , but it is usually nice in may .
your least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but my least favorite is the grape.
the lemon is his least favorite fruit , but the peach is our least favorite .
your most loved fruit is the lime , but his most loved is the grapefruit .
the united states is sometimes dry during october , but it is never rainy in january .
california is never relaxing during may , and it is sometimes quiet in june .
we dislike mangoes , bananas , and pears.
france is busy during july , but it is dry in winter .
india is sometimes freezing during april , but it is sometimes relaxing in spring .
china is sometimes quiet during january , and it is usually nice in july .
california is usually wonderful during spring , but it is usually pleasant in winter .
paris is usually beautiful during summer , but it is usually mild in october .
your least liked fruit is the pear , but her least liked is the lime .
he was driving that rusty yellow automobile .
she saw that shiny white truck .
she likes bananas , peaches , and grapes .
she drove the little red truck .
paris is rainy during june , but it is nice in september .
she likes mangoes , oranges , and limes .
the united states is dry during summer , but it is never nice in august .
china is usually snowy during winter , and it is never relaxing in spring .
france is usually relaxing during winter , but it is sometimes dry in august .
new jersey is never quiet during july , but it is usually cold in august .
the united states is sometimes relaxing during january , and it is never pleasant in august .
china is rainy during march , and it is never quiet in autumn .
california is sometimes warm during september , but it is usually rainy in april .
paris is warm during fall , and it is never rainy in march .
china is dry during fall , and it is sometimes hot in march .
the united states is sometimes beautiful during may , but it is usually relaxing in june .
paris is sometimes wet during summer , but it is sometimes cold in winter .
your most loved animals were rabbits .
his least liked fruit is the lemon , but our least liked is the peach .
california is usually pleasant during november , and it is chilly in fall .
france is freezing during february , but it is never snowy in october .
he drives a old yellow car .
the mango is my least favorite fruit , but the banana is their least favorite .
the united states is never quiet during autumn , but it is pleasant in december .
new jersey is relaxing during august , but it is sometimes freezing in spring .
the united states is usually chilly during winter , and it is never dry in autumn .
paris is pleasant during november , and it is usually hot in august .
his least liked fruit is the grapefruit , but my least liked is the grape.
my least favorite fruit is the lime , but his least favorite is the pear .
paris is never cold during april , and it is usually freezing in may .
you dislike strawberries , peaches , and mangoes .
california is usually dry during august , but it is never warm in april .
china is never relaxing during october , and it is sometimes cold in november .
your favorite fruit is the banana , but her favorite is the peach .
her least favorite fruit is the orange , but your least favorite is the grapefruit .
california is wet during march , and it is usually mild in september .
china is never dry during march , but it is usually mild in february .
their least liked fruit is the lemon , but our least liked is the pear .
she likes lemons , mangoes , and limes.
new jersey is busy during march , but it is usually quiet in may .
paris is sometimes freezing during spring , and it is never beautiful in january .
his most loved animal is the bear .
california is beautiful during february , and it is usually wonderful in november .
india is wonderful during december , but it is sometimes dry in january .
france is usually cold during december , and it is usually wet in september .
he likes strawberries , pears , and peaches .
they like peaches , strawberries , and pears .
paris is warm during october , but it is usually freezing in winter .
china is busy during june , and it is sometimes nice in august .
their least liked fruit is the lemon , but your least liked is the strawberry .
france is usually busy during may , but it is sometimes warm in fall .
the pear is their least favorite fruit , but the strawberry is your least favorite .
paris is sometimes beautiful during july , but it is busy in winter .
california is usually wet during july , but it is cold in january .
france is sometimes relaxing during spring , but it is sometimes hot in november .
france is never rainy during autumn , and it is usually warm in february .
this elephant is his most feared animal .
india is beautiful during april , but it is snowy in december .
india is pleasant during spring , but it is usually snowy in november .
he likes apples , grapes , and grapefruit .
france is sometimes dry during january , and it is never chilly in march .
the united states is warm during january , and it is sometimes wonderful in december .
he dislikes a shiny black automobile .
his favorite fruit is the grape , but our favorite is the pear.
he dislikes mangoes , grapes , and oranges .
he likes lemons , grapes , and strawberries.
she dislikes pears and bananas .
he likes oranges , strawberries , and grapes .
the united states is usually wonderful during february , and it is usually mild in september .
he dislikes peaches , grapes , and apples .
france is sometimes pleasant during january , but it is never hot in april .
india is sometimes quiet during february , and it is usually freezing in may .
paris is never mild during august , and it is sometimes warm in november .
california is usually cold during fall , and it is sometimes quiet in october .
new jersey is sometimes dry during november , but it is cold in september .
china is usually wonderful during may , but it is cold in february .
the lime is her favorite fruit , but the grape is my favorite .
california is sometimes cold during february , and it is never wonderful in summer .
my least favorite fruit is the banana , but her least favorite is the grapefruit .
france is never snowy during december , but it is usually wet in february .
the united states is never wonderful during october , but it is never hot in november .
she dislikes mangoes , pears , and lemons.
china is pleasant during august , and it is chilly in september .
my least liked fruit is the orange , but her least liked is the grapefruit .
california is usually freezing during december , and it is sometimes rainy in may .
india is sometimes dry during june , and it is sometimes quiet in april .
paris is never busy during may , but it is pleasant in november .
the banana is her least favorite fruit , but the strawberry is his least favorite .
paris is never freezing during summer , and it is nice in march .
france is never relaxing during autumn , but it is sometimes warm in june .
they went to new jersey last winter .
the united states is sometimes rainy during may , but it is usually nice in september .
india is never mild during july , but it is never wet in june .
india is beautiful during june , but it is chilly in autumn .
paris is never freezing during july , but it is sometimes wet in may .
paris is never freezing during spring , and it is sometimes nice in july .
he likes apples , grapefruit , and strawberries .
california is usually warm during january , but it is usually quiet in july .
california is cold during april , but it is sometimes beautiful in summer .
his most loved fruit is the peach , but your most loved is the apple .
he wanted to go to france .
paris is usually quiet during september , and it is never snowy in winter .
my least favorite fruit is the apple , but their least favorite is the strawberry .
we like peaches and limes .
they plan to visit the united states in february .
new jersey is dry during autumn , and it is usually beautiful in march .
paris is never wet during january , and it is nice in february .
france is sometimes chilly during january , but it is never freezing in september .
he likes lemons , peaches , and bananas.
their least favorite fruit is the grape , but our least favorite is the peach .
the united states is busy during summer , but it is sometimes rainy in october .
new jersey is mild during autumn , but it is usually wet in february .
they plan to visit the united states next september .
his least liked fruit is the orange , but my least liked is the pear .
she was driving a big green automobile .
india is usually freezing during february , and it is sometimes warm in winter .
their least favorite fruit is the orange , but his least favorite is the lime .
france is sometimes busy during august , but it is never snowy in april .
their most loved fruit is the pear , but her most loved is the apple .
the pear is their most loved fruit , but the apple is her most loved .
france is usually freezing during february , but it is sometimes relaxing in spring .
india is cold during march , but it is sometimes busy in summer .
california is sometimes warm during may , but it is never pleasant in december .
china is never freezing during summer , but it is never quiet in autumn .
the united states is never cold during june , but it is quiet in summer .
he wanted to go to california last fall .
california is never chilly during winter , and it is never wet in april .
his least liked fruit is the mango , but their least liked is the banana .
the grapefruit is her most loved fruit , but the strawberry is your most loved .
china is pleasant during december , and it is freezing in autumn .
california is warm during august , but it is never cold in june .
he dislikes mangoes , grapefruit , and strawberries .
the united states is sometimes freezing during november , and it is busy in fall .
india is sometimes relaxing during spring , but it is usually hot in august .
she dislikes grapefruit and lemons .
we like peaches , lemons , and grapes .
she thinks it's difficult to translate portuguese to spanish .
india is usually dry during may , but it is wet in august .
india is usually beautiful during march , and it is sometimes pleasant in august .
the elephant was his most feared animal .
the united states is never cold during autumn , and it is rainy in october .
california is usually hot during autumn , and it is sometimes wonderful in november .
we dislike peaches , grapefruit , and grapes .
california is usually quiet during december , and it is never cold in july .
new jersey is sometimes dry during december , and it is never mild in autumn .
new jersey is beautiful during summer , but it is relaxing in january .
their favorite fruit is the grape , but her favorite is the peach .
your favorite fruit is the lime , but their favorite is the strawberry .
the united states is never cold during autumn , but it is pleasant in summer .
the lemon is your least favorite fruit , but the grape is his least favorite .
china is nice during december , and it is warm in july .
china is usually nice during september , but it is usually snowy in august .
they might go to india next november .
the peach is her favorite fruit , but the banana is his favorite .
new jersey is never dry during june , and it is sometimes cold in september .
the united states is relaxing during spring , and it is usually snowy in august .
the mango is our least favorite fruit , but the grapefruit is her least favorite .
he likes limes , pears , and oranges .
france is busy during october , but it is never chilly in june .
he likes limes , peaches , and grapes .
france is busy during march , and it is cold in autumn .
paris is never warm during february , but it is quiet in september .
california is usually hot during winter , but it is cold in july .
california is never relaxing during january , and it is usually beautiful in november .
china is freezing during summer , but it is usually snowy in august .
your least liked fruit is the orange , but our least liked is the lemon .
i like bananas , grapefruit , and peaches .
california is usually dry during february , and it is busy in spring .
paris is sometimes chilly during spring , but it is sometimes snowy in january .
she drove a old blue truck .
paris is rainy during winter , but it is never hot in fall .
india is sometimes quiet during january , but it is busy in august .
i like mangoes , bananas , and peaches.
california is never snowy during november , and it is usually busy in december .
california is usually freezing during october , and it is usually beautiful in november .
the lime is her favorite fruit , but the pear is his favorite .
china is never pleasant during fall , and it is sometimes dry in autumn .
paris is never warm during october , and it is never quiet in autumn .
we dislike grapes , oranges , and grapefruit .
the strawberry is your least liked fruit , but the lime is their least liked.
california is never dry during august , and it is usually wet in december .
france is busy during november , but it is usually wonderful in summer .
france is sometimes dry during winter , and it is usually chilly in summer .
china is sometimes freezing during june , and it is never dry in november .
my least liked fruit is the mango , but their least liked is the orange .
france is sometimes beautiful during may , and it is usually cold in summer .
the united states is never freezing during spring , and it is usually cold in october .
she is going to the united states next spring .
california is sometimes pleasant during summer , but it is busy in october .
the peach is her least liked fruit , but the apple is their least liked .
the united states is never quiet during june , but it is sometimes dry in summer .
california is sometimes dry during august , and it is usually pleasant in spring .
paris is usually freezing during autumn , but it is usually beautiful in october .
the peach is your most loved fruit , but the apple is our most loved .
china is usually mild during october , but it is dry in january .
india is never pleasant during july , but it is nice in february .
the united states is rainy during june , and it is usually chilly in march .
my favorite fruit is the mango , but his favorite is the grape .
california is sometimes chilly during september , but it is usually cold in october .
new jersey is sometimes warm during march , but it is hot in august .
paris is usually dry during january , and it is sometimes beautiful in august .
india is sometimes dry during may , and it is rainy in summer .
india is rainy during december , and it is mild in august .
new jersey is never cold during may , but it is usually wet in june .
the lemon is his least liked fruit , but the grapefruit is their least liked .
my least liked fruit is the banana , but our least liked is the apple .
the peach is your most loved fruit , but the banana is his most loved .
her most loved fruit is the lime , but their most loved is the pear .
paris is usually quiet during may , and it is never wonderful in july .
china is usually cold during autumn , and it is sometimes wonderful in may .
france is busy during june , but it is usually dry in february .
she dislikes peaches , lemons , and limes .
the banana is our favorite fruit , but the grape is their favorite .
new jersey is freezing during may , and it is usually chilly in spring .
she disliked a rusty green automobile .
paris is never dry during february , but it is quiet in august .
the united states is usually wet during summer , but it is usually hot in september .
you like grapes , strawberries , and peaches .
india is busy during april , but it is sometimes snowy in january .
she likes pears , mangoes , and strawberries .
china is sometimes mild during may , but it is never wonderful in november .
the lime is your least favorite fruit , but the strawberry is his least favorite .
the banana is his least favorite fruit , but the grape is your least favorite .
china is usually busy during february , but it is never beautiful in september .
california is never hot during april , and it is sometimes pleasant in march .
we dislike mangoes , limes , and peaches.
paris is quiet during summer , but it is sometimes relaxing in november .
france is sometimes hot during june , and it is usually rainy in december .
new jersey is beautiful during june , but it is sometimes snowy in winter .
they dislike lemons , oranges , and apples .
france is usually snowy during november , but it is sometimes beautiful in june .
my most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but your most loved is the lemon .
new jersey is sometimes dry during summer , but it is rainy in november .
the grapefruit is your least favorite fruit , but the lime is her least favorite .
my least favorite animals were lions .
california is chilly during spring , but it is sometimes nice in fall .
paris is never snowy during april , and it is usually wet in february .
new jersey is never busy during fall , but it is never relaxing in spring .
the united states is never dry during august , and it is usually quiet in summer .
your most loved fruit is the strawberry , but her most loved is the lemon.
he likes peaches , lemons , and oranges .
india is never snowy during september , and it is pleasant in fall .
the banana is my most loved fruit , but the strawberry is their most loved .
france is wet during may , but it is never busy in fall .
india is never beautiful during summer , and it is rainy in may .
the united states is usually beautiful during july , but it is usually wet in fall .
new jersey is sometimes wonderful during july , and it is chilly in december .
paris is usually mild during november , but it is usually hot in fall .
india is snowy during winter , but it is usually busy in fall .
his least liked fruit is the strawberry , but my least liked is the banana .
your most loved fruit is the lime , but his most loved is the peach .
our least favorite fruit is the grapefruit , but her least favorite is the lemon .
the grape is her least favorite fruit , but the lemon is his least favorite.
she dislikes bananas , strawberries , and lemons .
india is never dry during spring , and it is never warm in autumn .
his least favorite fruit is the grape , but your least favorite is the mango.
france is never nice during june , but it is sometimes chilly in winter .
paris is usually beautiful during january , but it is wonderful in spring .
my most loved fruit is the pear , but your most loved is the mango .
she is driving that big green car .
new jersey is cold during summer , but it is usually busy in july .
the united states is usually hot during may , but it is wet in december .
california is sometimes hot during february , but it is never freezing in june .
she dislikes peaches , mangoes , and limes .
paris is never beautiful during april , and it is sometimes rainy in spring .
china is usually hot during october , and it is never snowy in january .
india is usually mild during winter , and it is relaxing in september .
my most loved animal is that bird .
california is sometimes pleasant during september , but it is never relaxing in august .
the apple is their least favorite fruit , but the peach is our least favorite .
you like strawberries , oranges , and grapes .
she is driving the big yellow car .
did she go to new jersey ?
new jersey is never wonderful during june , but it is nice in september .
china is cold during june , and it is usually busy in september .
the united states is usually snowy during april , and it is usually nice in autumn .
china is usually busy during fall , but it is usually warm in april .
he likes grapefruit , limes , and oranges .
their least favorite fruit is the peach , but our least favorite is the grapefruit .
france is rainy during august , and it is usually dry in september .
the banana is their most loved fruit , but the apple is our most loved .
paris is usually busy during june , and it is usually beautiful in fall .
california is hot during april , but it is usually cold in october .
the grape is his least favorite fruit , but the lemon is my least favorite.
we like oranges , grapes , and peaches .
india is never snowy during march , but it is usually relaxing in fall .
they dislike peaches , mangoes , and grapefruit .
the grape is her least favorite fruit , but the lime is your least favorite.
paris is never freezing during autumn , but it is sometimes wet in summer .
china is sometimes busy during august , and it is never rainy in march .
the grapefruit is his most loved fruit , but the apple is her most loved.
she disliked a rusty white car .
india is never beautiful during may , but it is warm in summer .
he saw the rusty black automobile .
i dislike strawberries and limes .
the orange is my least liked fruit , but the pear is your least liked .
france is never wonderful during august , but it is pleasant in autumn .
india is usually rainy during june , and it is relaxing in september .
the united states is beautiful during autumn , and it is never warm in december .
he dislikes grapes , strawberries , and lemons.
they went to china last december .
she dislikes grapefruit , mangoes , and strawberries .
china is usually relaxing during winter , and it is never pleasant in march .
france is never freezing during october , and it is quiet in may .
france is never busy during august , but it is sometimes cold in september .
the mango is my least favorite fruit , but the pear is his least favorite .
he is going to new jersey next march .
he dislikes grapes , oranges , and limes.
the mango is our favorite fruit , but the grape is their favorite .
the apple is their least favorite fruit , but the mango is his least favorite .
their most loved fruit is the grape , but our most loved is the lime .
paris is sometimes pleasant during november , and it is never dry in may .
china is wonderful during spring , and it is nice in february .
california is wonderful during summer , but it is usually freezing in winter .
india is sometimes quiet during june , and it is sometimes snowy in february .
california is usually cold during october , and it is sometimes dry in june .
the pear is their least favorite fruit , but the banana is my least favorite .
new jersey is usually warm during october , and it is busy in winter .
india is pleasant during autumn , and it is sometimes chilly in march .
she was driving the old black automobile .
your favorite animal was this elephant .
the united states is sometimes pleasant during autumn , but it is never cold in august .
california is sometimes beautiful during august , but it is sometimes wet in may .
paris is mild during winter , but it is sometimes hot in summer .
his most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but her most loved is the apple.
france is never busy during december , but it is never nice in summer .
france is sometimes mild during spring , and it is usually busy in august .
the peach is her least favorite fruit , but the lime is their least favorite .
the united states is freezing during september , and it is hot in january .
he dislikes bananas , strawberries , and grapes .
india is busy during may , and it is sometimes chilly in autumn .
california is sometimes quiet during november , and it is never dry in autumn .
france is never busy during winter , and it is sometimes warm in summer .
new jersey is wonderful during december , and it is usually snowy in march .
our favorite fruit is the grape , but his favorite is the banana .
india is sometimes warm during september , and it is sometimes beautiful in spring .
france is never wonderful during may , but it is never relaxing in november .
new jersey is sometimes busy during september , and it is wonderful in may .
he likes mangoes , apples , and grapes .
my most loved fruit is the grapefruit , but our most loved is the banana .
france is usually wonderful during spring , but it is usually relaxing in autumn .
he likes limes , oranges , and strawberries .
paris is sometimes wonderful during may , but it is wet in october .
your favorite fruit is the banana , but her favorite is the orange .
paris is never quiet during may , and it is never wet in march .
china is sometimes dry during january , and it is never quiet in spring .
the grape is your most loved fruit , but the apple is her most loved .
paris is never snowy during august , and it is never chilly in fall .
our favorite fruit is the grape , but their favorite is the apple .
france is never wet during february , but it is never wonderful in august .
india is sometimes snowy during summer , but it is never freezing in september .
new jersey is usually relaxing during fall , and it is usually wet in june .
california is never relaxing during february , but it is sometimes freezing in may .
the lime is their favorite fruit , but the mango is my favorite .
your least favorite fruit is the strawberry , but their least favorite is the lemon.
india is never mild during june , and it is usually rainy in february .
paris is never beautiful during december , but it is wet in july .
the grapefruit is our most loved fruit , but the peach is my most loved .
paris is never wet during march , but it is sometimes pleasant in august .
france is never warm during january , and it is wonderful in spring .
china is usually quiet during winter , but it is sometimes hot in september .
california is wet during september , but it is never mild in january .
you dislike strawberries , mangoes , and apples .
california is usually warm during july , but it is never freezing in september .
china is usually rainy during spring , but it is never wet in may .
india is sometimes pleasant during february , and it is usually beautiful in march .
he drives that rusty white car .